q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:who&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:banks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:governments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:base&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaders&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ability&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:library&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:to&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:damage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:court&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:internal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centres&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exception&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:permission&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:examples&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spoken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:include&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reasons&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:charge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:candidates&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:big&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remarkable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dramatic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unless&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:depend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subject&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visitor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:question&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:justice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fingers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:act&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:simple&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:senior&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:longer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:liberal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occurs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:join&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subsequently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:include&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:definition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:might&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:come&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deep&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smooth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:listening&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:earth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taxes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ministry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:set&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:southern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:widespread&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:societies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:joined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:killed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:society&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waste&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:streets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:streets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:long&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:value&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:national&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:promote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:illness&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:valuable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sections&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sister&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dozen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:honest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:okay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:documents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:road&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recovery&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:politicians&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meeting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:asked&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nervous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:victims&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contemporary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mistake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:problem&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:companies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:books&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consumer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:transfer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:your&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:latest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:courses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:restaurant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bigger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parties&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:today&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criteria&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:explained&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:formed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:july&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scientific&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:having&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:argument&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:priority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:partnership&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:becoming&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:party&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reduced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:year&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:percent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:both&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quickly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:very&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coming&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apparently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:think&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:producing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:earlier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:field&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:depth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:joined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:express&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reason&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:essential&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:world&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:almost&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ladies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:jacket&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spending&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:emergency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:led&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:communication&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:upon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brothers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:return&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nervous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attempts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:writer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drawn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:specifically&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:february&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effort&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obvious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:and&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:does&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:restriction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colleague&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:near&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colleague&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crucial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:approach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:task&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:above&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shares&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:day&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reduction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elderly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pace&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:term&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rather&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:green&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:memory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deliberately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:officials&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:longterm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replied&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contains&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:called&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:herself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:customers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:solution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throughout&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ready&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:undertaken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:school&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sleep&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:solid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:draw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plants&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:establishment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prize&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:emotional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:living&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suddenly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:implementation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prevent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:starting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:second&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:legs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:note&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cancer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mostly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:western&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lunch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doubt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:district&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:environmental&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:farmers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:its&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:argue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:live&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:once&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weeks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sorry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:well&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reform&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:critical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arrived&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:practices&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:location&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grey&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:really&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sequence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:called&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:somewhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:traditional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:else&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:area&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:starts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ultimately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:media&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:days&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distinction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:engine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:been&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:circumstances&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:victims&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:line&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:division&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:empire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:blue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:include&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moral&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:events&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vital&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bottle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:system&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:play&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:understand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reputation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:having&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:temperature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:option&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:population&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:part&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:man&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:item&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:engine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:changed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:almost&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:examine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sometimes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:similarly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasionally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hands&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:depend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heavily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relevant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opportunities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:constant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cars&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:iron&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:down&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:baby&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sister&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accept&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:factory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ability&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cover&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:secondly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:functions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:photographs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:double&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fairly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:via&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:per&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:index&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:software&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:servants&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appeal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friendly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beneath&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sides&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggestion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:writing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eventually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:difficult&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:say&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:premise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:last&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scientist&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:levels&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seconds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:won&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:residents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:incident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:put&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:come&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:using&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:border&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eyes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:considerable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:impossible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:green&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:on&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:found&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:include&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attitudes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:humane&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:terrible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rail&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:free&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obviously&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:phase&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:come&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:if&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relevant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cash&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scope&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:about&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:none&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:procedures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:choice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bitt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rarely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:residents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:his&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:temperature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lunch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:restriction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:released&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:machine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:after&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:explained&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:study&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:introduce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sports&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elsewhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expensive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:for&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:example&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pale&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nineteenth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:medical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:permission&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:urbane&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exchange&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:liability&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:institute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:land&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:normally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:greatly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sequence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:raise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sleep&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:judgment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:was&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:given&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:must&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:liked&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:instead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:public&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:insurance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:literary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supposed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:built&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:judgment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:big&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:potential&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:revenue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:march&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wild&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:male&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:except&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:connection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:screen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:order&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:immediate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pilot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:got&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:representative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rail&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chances&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:popular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cost&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:who&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:could&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:realize&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:requires&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sweet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prisoners&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:homes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:socalled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:community&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ourselves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:original&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alongside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:promote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dispute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dogs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaders&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:response&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ability&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ground&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:computers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:under&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:football&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:judge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exciting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bathe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heads&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ideas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:liberal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:such&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pool&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:usually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:life&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ended&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conservation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proof&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:or&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:creating&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outcome&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:events&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:post&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:otherwise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mothers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:somehow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:communications&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:girl&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:style&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:over&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:when&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:troop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:black&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suppose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speech&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:upper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:architecture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:upper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:religious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:core&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eggs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recognise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:characters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reduce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:students&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interview&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:highly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experiment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:red&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:per&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucky&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:funny&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paintings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:share&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:who&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:route&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:environment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:region&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:institute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pick&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strong&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:command&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:write&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:services&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:furthermore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:film&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:least&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minister&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:share&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:operations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contained&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:constitutional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:branches&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:go&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colleague&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fund&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:after&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:product&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:human&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:animal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reports&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:care&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ancient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:particular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:raise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wife&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:once&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stomach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:department&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comfortable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:upper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:owner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:restrictions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wife&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proportion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wants&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:call&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seemed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:length&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corporate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:human&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:circumstances&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:understand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:born&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:traditional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:temperature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:poverty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thursday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:earlier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organisation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:key&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:notes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appointment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:additional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discovery&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:decision&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:office&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:protect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:less&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:servant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:angry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:excite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criticism&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:representation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:halve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:son&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:end&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inquiry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aspects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:process&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:force&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspapers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:childhood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:intervention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anywhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:december&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:institutions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minutes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:decided&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:street&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:therefore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thereby&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:common&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:measure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sport&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:published&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:truth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:development&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spoken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tomorrow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:machines&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lord&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shareholders&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:independence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:his&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:existence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mixture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:his&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interpretation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:becomes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:percent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soil&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggestion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:considerable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:symptom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subsequent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:furthermore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:could&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:charity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:society&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:players&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:county&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exactly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:error&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:port&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resolution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:designed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:importance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:big&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:marriage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:solution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:human&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:valuable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conclusion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:capable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:protection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pieces&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:have&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:streets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:activity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:factory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proceedings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:impossible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:refer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:solicitor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:competitive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:constitution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wished&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fighting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:images&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:play&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finished&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unknown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:objective&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:etc&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:creating&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:urban&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:video&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:string&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:papers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consumption&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:battle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appeal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thick&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:living&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:world&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:file&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:failure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organizations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expressed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:added&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:by&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:region&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paint&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:computers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:constitution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wonderful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possibility&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:safety&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:campaign&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:phrase&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:christian&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chosen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:roles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:why&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lords&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:why&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:absolutely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crime&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:painting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:above&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:issued&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:joined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scheme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:judgment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doubt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ahead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:who&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:receive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:client&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friendly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sites&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:he&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:choice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:principles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:truly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:april&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:previous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entirely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experiences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:those&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tasks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:management&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fundamental&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:falling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:however&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:busy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:revenue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:steps&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suddenly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quality&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:on&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:those&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:implementation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finished&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:right&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:payment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:student&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:milk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:western&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:same&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extreme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:liked&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mark&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cope&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hands&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trouble&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:patients&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rapidly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centres&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entitled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:small&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:staff&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:historical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mentioned&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspapers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anybody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happening&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:side&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:threw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mouth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:means&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conclusion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:we&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:breakfast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:degree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:additional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:politicians&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sum&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strategies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advantages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:via&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:class&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:societies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:out&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:departments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assumption&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:only&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:message&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:previous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centre&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:construction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:housing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perhaps&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:secondary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:normal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:competitive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:childhood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:things&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:independence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relationship&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entirely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:route&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:snow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:variation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:different&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:require&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obviously&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:writer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:temperature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ago&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prince&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stare&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:passed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:played&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:simple&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:produced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:these&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:test&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:milk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mouth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:require&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:described&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:country&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:compared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:marry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:darkness&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:old&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:existing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:priority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:battle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manager&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:because&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:population&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:personality&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:item&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:away&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:making&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:author&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:civil&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gardens&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:july&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:silence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remaining&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pattern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:efficient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:amount&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offices&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:communications&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:big&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:room&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:profits&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:also&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forward&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:energy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:palea&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:totally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rural&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:letters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attitude&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wife&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thinks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reason&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:see&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replaced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knife&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:patterns&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:injury&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:blacken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:initial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:threat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:here&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:achieve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:words&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consideration&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dispute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:watched&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:married&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:student&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:blood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:naturally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:make&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:writing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dang&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:threat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drama&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rules&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carrying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theatre&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:television&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lower&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:well&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bottle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:student&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:i&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fresh&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stones&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discussed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:official&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assessment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:name&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:played&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smiled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wednesday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:command&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clean&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:options&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:does&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cultural&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:division&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:among&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:research&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eyes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:he&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:husband&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:construction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:catch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:their&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:countryside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:content&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:central&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:route&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provisions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deaf&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:force&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:divided&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:none&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expert&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:full&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lovely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:options&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:younger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:independence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:section&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:floor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:procedures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resistance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relating&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accommodation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fashion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accounts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parliamentary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:management&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:college&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:situation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:basic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finished&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:when&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exhibition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:operations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loans&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clause&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucky&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discussed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:oil&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sites&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:challenge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:streets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minutes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:though&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:century&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taxes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:few&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:steps&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:putting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boss&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drawn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:location&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:annual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:premises&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:percent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:operation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arrive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occur&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boys&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:maintenance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teaching&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:course&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:achieve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:signal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:read&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:youth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obviously&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:daily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:excellent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:groups&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:environment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:federal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trade&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:where&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:darkness&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:master&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:own&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:issued&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nobody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prospect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:climate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:democratic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moral&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:families&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advanced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:explanation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contemporary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bottle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distinct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:search&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lots&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:magazine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:made&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:initiative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resistance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pressure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:efficiency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subsequent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:input&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:northern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:most&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:floor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cheap&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:married&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trade&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucky&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:damage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regulations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:situation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effectively&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:passing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facility&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:center&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:firms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lie&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:signs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:height&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:delivery&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colleagues&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mostly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:competitive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seem&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strong&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspapers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thursday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technology&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:data&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:has&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:details&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:currently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heads&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pleasant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:activity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:events&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:includes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:claims&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:annual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:council&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:single&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:legs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:months&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:now&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:metres&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drug&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:even&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sir&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whatever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:playing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surprise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:produced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:at&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:joint&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:greatest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:as&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:congress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:abuse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alternative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:something&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:letters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dependent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forgotten&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:store&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chances&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keep&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scientist&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:murder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:listening&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:presented&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:educational&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:poll&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:global&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:asking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consider&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:democracy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:directly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aircraft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:isolated&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:christmas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:notes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:red&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:disabled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nothing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:august&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:despite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:column&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guitar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:critical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:see&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:honest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yesterday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:importance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saturday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pretty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:firmly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wanted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:presumably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggestion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:initial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flower&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:image&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advantage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lack&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:little&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strategic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crime&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:glass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provides&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dressed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:religion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:works&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:turn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tools&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statistic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:government&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:does&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:large&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opened&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anyone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:years&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seeking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:letter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:raised&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:satisfaction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:competition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seemed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:farther&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trip&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manager&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consequences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:electric&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:its&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:publish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gun&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:respectively&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sentences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commercial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reduce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subject&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mistake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:after&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:game&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:village&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:higher&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:players&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:news&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:circumstances&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:naturally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forget&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aye&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:growing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:site&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knife&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:biggest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:against&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:largely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fighting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exception&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:types&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elderly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afternoon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:importance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plaintiff&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mean&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weekend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:won&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:position&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:using&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:when&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:normal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apparently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entrance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attempts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:check&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feelings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quiet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:managed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:felt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entirely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elections&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:jacket&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:furniture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sentence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:edge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:our&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:following&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mistake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dark&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:detailed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dispute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:variety&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:variety&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mental&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:noise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:although&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provides&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:custom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:man&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:address&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:degrees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:by&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:structure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:formal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:were&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sudden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:memory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfectly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lots&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:staff&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:estate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industrial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:justice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lips&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:area&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:further&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:concern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:get&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weapons&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sufficient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discussion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:himself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:truth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:decide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:before&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extensive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:channel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:captain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:process&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:head&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:along&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:added&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relatively&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:band&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:at&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:identity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:straight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:critical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:efforts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:output&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keeping&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sugar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bits&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:religious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appoint&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:incident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:efficiency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cases&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doubt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:railroad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:and&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weapons&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unknown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:silent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pleasant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:producing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knew&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ideas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:northern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:emphasis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:take&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:step&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:towns&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:like&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whole&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:direct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sky&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:presumably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:now&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:daughter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:issues&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:examination&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:around&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:signs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fewer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfectly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:onto&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:somebody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neighbour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wave&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:darkness&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:air&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:identify&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prison&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:does&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:premises&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:upon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throughout&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:procedure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:briefly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:factory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:face&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:the&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:december&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:over&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:component&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:greater&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:naturally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:duties&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:represented&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:your&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:writing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:felt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:article&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:constant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reader&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:processes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:read&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cut&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meaning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ideas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:communication&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:himself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:payment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rather&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beneath&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:almost&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proportion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advanced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:intelligence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:villages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:works&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saturday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mechanism&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:courts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entrance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:influence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:being&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:never&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sign&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:continued&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:the&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:office&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prepared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:songs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:playing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conventional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:committee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expectations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:these&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:branches&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mistake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:greatest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:west&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:specie&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aware&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:art&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appointment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:correct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:structure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:humane&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eggs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possession&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flowers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:create&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paintings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:views&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thinking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:black&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cheap&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mothers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:listening&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:independent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:caught&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:category&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:care&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coming&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seemed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:turned&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:despite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:threw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anything&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:familiar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elections&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:social&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:so&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lords&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soul&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:principles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:life&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:famous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:significant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:later&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:differences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:themselves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:properties&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enthusiasm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:southern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:light&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:demand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stairs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:biggest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manager&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:giving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:season&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pale&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cars&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:profits&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasionally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pollution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obtained&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treatment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:its&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:towards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:face&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:approach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:committees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:research&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:car&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:machines&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:around&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:job&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:horse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:association&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ground&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:estate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:duty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consequence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:precisely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:going&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:true&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:revenue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rates&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interesting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:towards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ball&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:code&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:award&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anywhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:developments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:follow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tradition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:focus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supporter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weather&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:board&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prime&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:follow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possession&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conduct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:james&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:analysis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possession&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:peace&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:among&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carefully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:museum&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:golden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:served&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:team&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:place&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inevitable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:use&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:often&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:disaster&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:raise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confusion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remarkable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:station&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:developments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:private&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:players&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:this&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:base&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:passage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:participation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provisions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:than&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:altogether&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:representative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:changing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weapons&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:release&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:secretary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thinking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:board&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bloody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quarter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:does&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:council&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:document&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:get&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:youth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saturday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:membership&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:could&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whatever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hoping&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:telephone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dogs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:include&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:end&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:voluntary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:march&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:did&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:degree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:made&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:telephone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organisations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:originally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:am&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heads&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:normally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:estate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ultimately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:especially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:among&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:types&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:currency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:here&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opportunity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:methods&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:miles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:schools&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:impressive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:which&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anybody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dream&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wave&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leisure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:naturally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exhibition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:acceptable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:receive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:introduction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ideal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:garden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:each&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:everywhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bread&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:practical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:instruction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:former&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:maybe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:automatically&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:currently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knife&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:granted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:little&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neck&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:divided&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:house&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:disable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:item&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:must&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:states&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:row&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:greater&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ahead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:youth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:final&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggested&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:literature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investigation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unlike&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:powers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organizations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:female&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:part&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:products&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:document&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:here&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:base&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:introduce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recovery&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:characters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defendant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:customer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:journey&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:essentially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:income&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:temperature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:female&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:concern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:step&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:officers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:study&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:caught&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:its&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:them&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:today&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:republic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:old&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:badly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:instructions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cover&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:for&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employ&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:position&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wished&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:survival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sexual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sale&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:return&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:light&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:laugh&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:christmas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allowed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:study&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cope&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:covered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lips&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:route&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smiled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exception&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friendly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nevertheless&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:official&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sides&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:firm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:go&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kitchen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:determined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:session&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:construction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:half&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:control&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heavy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meaning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moral&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sudden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:analysis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:space&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proportion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dinner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ensure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:winter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prices&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:species&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guitar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:county&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:into&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strike&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wife&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pupils&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:glad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:far&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:step&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:continued&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stayed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:murder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afterward&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:events&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:breakfast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reduction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resources&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:admit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attitudes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:growing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:judge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contrast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skin&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:which&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:passing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meanwhile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:head&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stairs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:secretary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:choice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afternoon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:structures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:workers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:however&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:golf&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:basic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:building&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:truly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organisation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sex&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:where&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:material&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soul&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:along&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:added&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:package&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sexual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wider&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:after&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consistent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:briefly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:branch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:readily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:freedom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:son&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:years&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:peace&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:numb&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:otherwise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:raised&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:almost&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:voluntary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spoke&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:not&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:house&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:applications&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:isolate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:simply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:growth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:themselves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:benefits&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucky&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:charges&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dressed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:female&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taxes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:murder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:audience&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plaintiff&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:domestic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comparison&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:november&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:religion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sites&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:up&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:patient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:late&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:closely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:various&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anywhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:valuable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:funny&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consequences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:followed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:looks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:panel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tasks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:raise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strong&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:murder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:problems&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:great&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:explanation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:will&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:numbers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ideas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:earnings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sister&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:projects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contained&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:himself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:therefore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:media&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:credit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expansion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:single&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nothing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effectively&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:health&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sitting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:abuse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:needed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:law&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:east&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:party&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smaller&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:terms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extremely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:came&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:modules&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afterwards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:practice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:literature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:becomes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relationships&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:military&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goods&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adopted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:laugh&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:landscape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:might&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afford&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:requirements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:up&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:northern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:move&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:officials&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cultural&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smiled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:owner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consequence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:legal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coming&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:change&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:money&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sort&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:awful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saturday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:helped&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:framework&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:must&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parties&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:difficulty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wave&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:audience&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:breath&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soul&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:under&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:engine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:greatest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opposition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elderly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:older&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:permission&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cut&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:changed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strategies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:security&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drink&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:containing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investigation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ball&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hope&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:developments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:described&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:photograph&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tables&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:next&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pieces&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:budget&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:situations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ancient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:including&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:one&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walls&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discuss&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:overall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whole&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:establish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:putting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:complete&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:are&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:puts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:become&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:continued&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:directors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:admit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:principle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beautiful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:working&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:houses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:range&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:word&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leadership&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:force&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wild&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:andy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:disease&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:daily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:culture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:foot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clearly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:authority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nevertheless&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:losses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:it&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hands&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:package&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:became&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:compared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dominant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:maybe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:standards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arrangement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:residents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bottle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:images&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:part&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:democratic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pension&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pupil&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:large&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:balance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:release&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brother&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:needed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hotel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:field&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:via&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:session&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unique&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:terrible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasionally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mostly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:popular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reading&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:take&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:firm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clients&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:high&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:price&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:path&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:january&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:such&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:legal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scope&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:issues&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:requires&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:represent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apparently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:you&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dark&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regime&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:god&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resources&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conversation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:army&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dependent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:book&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:actual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reduced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:population&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:man&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:some&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:encourage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:permanent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comfortable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:imagine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mixture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:due&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meaning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cover&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:river&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:operation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:following&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corporate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:purchase&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:into&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:groups&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:little&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:release&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centuries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:studies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ideal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:realize&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drew&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:courts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hole&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:asking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:education&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:processes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:must&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:height&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:virtually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:liberal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:record&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:territory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:properties&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:i&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:referred&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extra&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contracts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:company&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:only&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:modules&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:over&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:claims&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:credit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:otherwise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:congress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discussion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knowledge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:capital&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:railroad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:home&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meaning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sufficient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:formal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:granted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conversation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:imagine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:animal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:participation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:input&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ran&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:data&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:establishment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:copies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hole&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assembly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:so&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:working&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:restrictions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entirely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clearly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:every&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strategic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replied&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:poor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:test&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:develop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cultural&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:constitutional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:community&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:received&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recorded&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affairs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scientists&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:power&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:play&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:region&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:efforts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pounds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:games&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:maybe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:useful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:here&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fighting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:getting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:full&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mistake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspapers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:merely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:limit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exercise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:estate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lie&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:churches&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:step&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experiment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:three&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:even&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shareholders&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:model&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:above&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:function&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gave&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ruth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:look&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:economics&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chairman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moral&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:separate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minutes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:impression&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:face&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:women&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cost&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yours&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:project&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surprising&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:partners&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:article&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remarkable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:particularly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sides&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proposal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:requires&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:law&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yourself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aspect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hoping&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:administration&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:troops&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sources&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pupils&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forgotten&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prisoner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:self&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:problem&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:passing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:direct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:everywhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:me&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:access&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:once&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:straight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hoping&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:department&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:image&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:differences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conditions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:influence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:campaign&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stopped&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:today&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:each&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appoint&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:delivery&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:length&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resolution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heads&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plane&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inflation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lunch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subsequently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lovely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affected&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enjoyed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:football&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heads&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assistance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:management&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:battle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:range&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:included&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:workers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:increasingly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:their&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:abuse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broke&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:iron&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:normal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasionally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:liability&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:overall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:school&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:use&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:operation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:queen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outstand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:violent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experience&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eggs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasionally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advertising&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:february&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criterion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mistake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:partner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:encourage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:united&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:queen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:current&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bills&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:materials&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:takes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:case&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:real&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:like&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:local&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mirror&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:useful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mainly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:good&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:style&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:against&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:really&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minutes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ball&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gradually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:somewhat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:letters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:king&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comparison&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expression&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:national&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extreme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sir&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:next&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:card&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:threat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:band&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:function&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:been&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:magazine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:us&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feels&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proposal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:understood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:by&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:create&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:politician&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quietly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:truly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parliament&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affairs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:federal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:choose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:response&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:national&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proportion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:your&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:critics&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:having&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:giving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:responsibilities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mirror&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:examples&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mainly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:jacket&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:school&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:useful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:market&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:officers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:satisfaction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stopped&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:studio&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vital&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:customers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:division&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:method&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:workers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waited&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:available&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criterion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mentioned&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conflict&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:they&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pressures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:so&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:constantly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:play&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:voice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crime&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:along&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:secretary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recognize&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:degree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:idea&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:july&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:computers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heads&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:somehow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assessment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parliamentary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dave&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:household&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:met&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accepted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equipment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:type&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:train&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:asked&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advantages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:breach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:limit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:photograph&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:job&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:storage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:departments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:output&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:definitely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:variety&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:month&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discussion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:been&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neck&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:and&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfectly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:claims&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mode&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:some&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:via&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reader&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remember&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allowed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aye&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:history&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lived&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discussed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:covered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flower&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:massive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:odd&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:historical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:undertaken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organizations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lords&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:committee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sort&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:original&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:represented&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discuss&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sorts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opportunity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colleagues&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:earlier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:streets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:groups&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:negotiations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:everywhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stomach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:force&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coffee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:link&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ways&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sorts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:first&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:larger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pale&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:undertake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apparently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:played&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:functions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lived&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:following&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:caused&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:day&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taxes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kitchen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:processes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assembly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goals&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:over&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bird&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:told&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:steps&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:principal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:old&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parliament&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:temporary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:species&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:first&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:immediate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:award&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:explanation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:view&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:include&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:christmas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:frequently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:majority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deaf&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ideal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eye&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:concerned&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:court&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:empty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:example&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:compare&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:busy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:module&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lived&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:considered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reasonable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:animals&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possibility&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:modern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:access&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:majority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suddenly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:containing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stupid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:developments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:know&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proof&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:university&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effective&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mental&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moderne&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:letter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:political&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proposal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expectation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opened&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:christmas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strongly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:total&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:electric&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:infection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:variation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:standard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:summer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treatment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mountain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sufficient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:giving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:currency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:compare&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sources&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:track&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:words&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:winter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:often&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:people&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:said&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:probably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:intervention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:working&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:analysis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:despite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corporate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shareholder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:police&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guidance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:papers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affairs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enterprise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:without&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:motor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chief&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nuclear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:propose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:managed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:including&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:achieve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proud&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tradition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:armed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:complete&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forward&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:starting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:troops&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:not&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:restrictions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wider&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:source&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sun&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:water&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quickly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thinking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:software&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:permanent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:audience&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:his&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:examples&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taxes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:telling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pattern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:however&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:functions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:test&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:variety&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regarded&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:target&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:safety&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:know&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:actual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wooden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:have&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:band&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:able&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:workers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:follow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leadership&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:violent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beauty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stomach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reaction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reasons&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:further&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feels&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:odd&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:precisely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moreover&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:once&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:countryside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:region&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:term&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:protect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:council&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:length&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dave&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:though&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lifespan&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:company&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:objective&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:produce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:question&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sections&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:physical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sample&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:but&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reasonable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:help&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:output&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:in&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:progress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:concept&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfectly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wooden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thinking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weapon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:properly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waste&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sample&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:length&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:determined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:customer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:century&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:volume&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:future&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:symptoms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relatives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ready&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:media&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:they&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:progress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criteria&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:longterm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stuff&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chances&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dramatic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:south&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fields&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rooms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:savings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:danger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:potential&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lords&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:etc&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:villages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:valley&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:transport&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trust&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:narrow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:watched&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:text&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unusual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:until&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:second&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:this&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:control&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pension&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:benefit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:awareness&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reading&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:western&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:committee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:abuse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boys&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:glad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:promote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:undertake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prime&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:complete&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appearance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:century&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:somehow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cells&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sensitive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:law&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:residents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:even&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:there&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stairs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:farm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:similar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strategies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sort&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cases&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:something&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:citizen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:control&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:educational&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:basic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deep&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conventional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:only&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:week&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:western&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:course&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:movement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:field&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regulations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obtain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experiences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:source&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:temporary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:product&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strategic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:writing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appointed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:infection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eggs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:photograph&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dealing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attack&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affected&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strategy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alliance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:capable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affected&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:awful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:miles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:functions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:working&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wedding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prices&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doctor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:did&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mainly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:standards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:end&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tried&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:becomes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:follows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:panel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:initial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:makes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:light&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:out&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chemical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:include&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:james&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:table&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anything&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wearing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:race&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:silence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nineteenth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:failure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yourself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:union&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rates&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:must&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interested&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:understand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speech&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:child&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occur&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:well&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:percent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allowed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:standard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:art&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reform&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:promotion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:based&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:look&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:narrow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bits&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relating&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:things&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wealth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nod&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:phrase&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:photographs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:movements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:murder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:look&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crucial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:youth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:known&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:version&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:percent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:everything&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:membership&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drew&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extensive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prevent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:power&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:variation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfectly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:voluntary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carefully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nuclear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:race&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:for&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:develop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sources&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strong&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:key&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:increasing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:station&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:percent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:acid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knowing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:considerably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expansion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfectly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:error&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conscious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:making&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:detail&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:many&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:utile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:different&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meetings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:state&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kingdom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:essentially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sea&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:master&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:engineering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:would&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:battle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scheme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beyond&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recognition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:community&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoulders&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:represent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beneath&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sea&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:running&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:completely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:responsible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:signs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:back&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:build&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:closely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reasonably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extremely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spending&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:considerably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:words&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:traditional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:required&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:produce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proportion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teacher&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:number&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:everything&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whilst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enemy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effectively&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:one&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:began&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:primarily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:balance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sheet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:winner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:setting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:document&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rapidly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dominant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:won&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:media&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:client&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statutory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:situations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mental&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:female&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meaning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afterwards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:uses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:charge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:among&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:efficiency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parliamentary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:substantial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sorts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:common&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:andy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:abuse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:roads&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:atmosphere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seats&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hope&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:caused&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grey&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ability&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:architecture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:market&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:maintenance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:procedures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:videotape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elections&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seriously&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:time&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:upon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arrangements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:asset&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:younger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:story&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:video&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:imagine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:late&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:open&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:else&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spokesman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ago&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rocks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sentences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mental&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conflict&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opposition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:define&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:everyone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:electricity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:monetary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:others&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:element&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:papers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buildings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feels&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:both&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:payments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stupid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technique&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grateful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:review&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:committee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:introduced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:standard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:armed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enormous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:editor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agencies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:immediately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:personality&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wedding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:imagination&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:despite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:providing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nearly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:report&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:looking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:judge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:liberal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:until&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:why&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cars&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kitchen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:placed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clause&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:one&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:personality&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attractive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:secondly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:urban&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dream&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technique&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expensive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:today&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speaking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deaf&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:changing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:herself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:desk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:approach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:characteristic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forgotten&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:videotaped&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chapter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:principles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:electronic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:film&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:desk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:utile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:schools&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:political&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anyone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:class&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:makes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:passed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggested&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conclusion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aware&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:machine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:absence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seconds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:machines&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rich&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stomach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whether&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unless&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enjoy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:film&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:few&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parliament&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:james&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:captain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:components&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ancient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:core&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dirty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:had&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:himself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:legs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:telling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:restriction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:labor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replace&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elections&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:intend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:college&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vision&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evaluation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:death&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:force&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:choose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:powerful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:job&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:factory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:function&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attractive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:massive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:i&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:games&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:limited&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:roman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prison&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distinction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aircraft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:review&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cooperation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aged&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:credit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nurse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:middle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defendant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:levels&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strongly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:readers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:done&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alcohol&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:holy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:east&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:standard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:applies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mark&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:population&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:roman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subject&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accounts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:requirements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:should&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:by&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:widely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:write&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:all&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:write&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:video&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organisation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:science&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:instruction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:homes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reached&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centres&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:would&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prison&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:academic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prisoner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:society&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:river&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:purposes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:medium&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoulders&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:solid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:date&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:again&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:modern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outstanding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:date&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dealing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:running&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:actual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:themselves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ship&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:before&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:learning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supporters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expressed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happens&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:class&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forward&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:journey&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:signal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assessment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:language&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:size&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:partnership&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:promote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expression&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:complex&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:temperature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:understood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sharp&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:content&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:placed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advertising&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reading&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clearly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:differences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:looking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:positive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:economic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:once&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:numerous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unless&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:build&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effective&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:royal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:order&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seek&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speaking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:focus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opinion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:access&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teaching&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spoken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:champion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:my&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opinion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rail&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:field&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:date&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:come&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smaller&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:laugh&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:week&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:basic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wants&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sons&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supporters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:options&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:placed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:short&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:properly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:politics&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:change&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:traffic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:famous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:union&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:survival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:category&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flower&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:important&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:works&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:figure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:approximately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:understand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guidance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reality&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:points&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:not&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alliance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:event&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:phone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:international&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:presumably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sudden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:somebody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:later&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spokesman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:farmer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:press&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:given&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:area&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:council&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whereas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:played&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:white&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:file&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:headquarters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:edge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employ&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:music&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resolution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:address&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:economic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:panel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasionally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:purposes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:products&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:version&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:much&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:created&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ministry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:isolate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:son&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involvement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:issues&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feeling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasionally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:funds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seems&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:i&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grey&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:introduction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:awareness&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:festival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspaper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:services&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sensitive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:problem&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:household&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:established&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:competition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neighbour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoulder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:concern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appointed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aspects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:without&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:language&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mean&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:protection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:giving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:patients&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cultural&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:announced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technology&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:videotaped&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:them&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:office&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:similar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:halve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:core&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organisation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tendency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:other&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:they&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exists&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weather&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:debt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:factory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colleagues&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shook&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:purchase&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:modern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:circumstance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:period&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:without&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assessment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:father&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sorts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:green&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:candidates&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strategic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:point&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:isolate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:story&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:we&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evening&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasionally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:servant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:day&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:society&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:choose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opened&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:try&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enterprise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:when&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thanks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:box&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:target&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:providing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:example&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:critical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:engineer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gap&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:educational&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:under&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:latest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opinion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:products&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:belief&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:client&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:they&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:convention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:address&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:operations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:driver&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colleagues&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:churches&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:type&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exciting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:degree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:east&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:no&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suddenly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deputy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sister&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:low&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:domestic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:middle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supporter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:processes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:now&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:directly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:most&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:origin&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:times&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:miles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adequate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:abuse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:came&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:workers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:estate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sequence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bottom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fields&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:directors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gap&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:simply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:impression&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:containing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:like&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:out&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:models&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:windows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:formed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:living&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:railroad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:simply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:places&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crucial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interview&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:insurance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:press&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recorded&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:face&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:said&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:video&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:changes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:international&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:indeed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bathe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prisoner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:claims&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:away&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:maintain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:within&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bread&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:returned&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:functions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:argued&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conscious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tea&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:war&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:desk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kingdom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visitor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:papers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:last&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:put&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:idea&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:instructions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:across&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:face&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:means&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:common&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confusion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:available&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remember&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hotel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:collection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:idea&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:line&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:acting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:born&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:altogether&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afraid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:per&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:die&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surprise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:states&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sentences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reform&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:continue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speech&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:figure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:makes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:him&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:college&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:policy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:simply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:analyse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:majority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stories&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:representative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:copies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ensure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:damage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rang&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:frequently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:breach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:release&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mode&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:section&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:picture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:languages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:placed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drugs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:liability&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grateful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:champion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:domestic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:committee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:move&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:telling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chosen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:constant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:items&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:diet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:day&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:levels&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mark&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:source&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:line&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:master&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:higher&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:milk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tradition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exception&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:read&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:market&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spokesman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whole&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:say&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:returned&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cooperation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:losses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experience&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:development&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opinion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:james&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:head&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:creation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alongside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strange&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:historical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reaction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prices&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:members&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:copy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cooperation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:driven&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:implications&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:establishment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:empire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:small&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:be&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:details&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reports&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:telephone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:that&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:via&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:which&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:answer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:care&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unlikely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sequence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aim&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defendant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:presented&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:academic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gradually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scheme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:literature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recorded&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:function&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:street&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:model&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:examples&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:however&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:view&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:acting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subject&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:climate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:notes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:true&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pleasure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friendly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:businesses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:initially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scheme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:servants&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supposed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:analyse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sugar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:instead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:limit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sharp&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:week&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:motion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sorry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:schools&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recognise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:my&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:request&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:annual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:media&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:force&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:firmly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:field&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anything&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teeth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:students&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organizations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:biggest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:undertake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:package&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wrong&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:impossible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sudden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:league&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soul&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:practices&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sexual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:usual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:practical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:significantly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prison&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nurse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:highest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:built&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scientific&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:summer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forward&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:management&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visitor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:successful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:address&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:management&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:election&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mentioned&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:procedure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:republic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:laboratory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:process&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:victim&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deep&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replied&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quarter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:huge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:again&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:electricity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:movement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mental&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recognition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:usually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nearly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nevertheless&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:as&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:changing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soldiers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heavily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:intend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attractive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:analyse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reputation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:analyse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expensive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buildings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:signs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supporters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dogs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vital&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:career&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loans&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:editor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:societies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:retirement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chapter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adequate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:input&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:player&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:photographs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eye&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:find&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:list&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:terms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hardly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:urbane&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:therefore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:watch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tuesday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:maintain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:competition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cause&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:edge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:everything&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:somebody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regarded&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:approval&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:money&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:their&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:date&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:empire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:command&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:general&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neck&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knife&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:actual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reasonably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conscious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:providing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:girls&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:homes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:value&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sweet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:angry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:divide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:free&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:received&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:certain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:landscape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shortly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:more&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:while&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:database&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unemployment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:request&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:councils&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:museum&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:back&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opinion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sample&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:acid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inevitable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:influence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:north&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:monday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:detail&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:architecture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aim&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:materials&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:temperature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:energy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ended&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provision&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pick&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neighbour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:covered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:content&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adult&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:established&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:papers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:covering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:depth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:totally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:job&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gardens&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:animal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bottle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teacher&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:column&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reference&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soul&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:information&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:other&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:highest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:times&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:different&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distinct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scheme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:initial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:being&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:communities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occurs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:our&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:view&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:careful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:responsible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:presence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reform&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extremely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:package&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heavy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:developed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:poor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:humane&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keep&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:losses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:called&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:described&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sorts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:essentially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:belief&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extreme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:release&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:books&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:watch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surprising&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reasonably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teams&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comparison&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:simply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:especially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:figures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:march&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:create&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:you&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:end&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:while&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plans&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:touch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:activity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:identify&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reputation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:periods&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wedding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fairly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:understood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfectly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:begin&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:football&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relating&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:milk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:requirements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:survival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:club&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:now&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:objective&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:permission&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:least&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:okay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:follow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:september&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:software&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:origin&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:terrible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:week&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:then&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:urban&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:what&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:played&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seems&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:writer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:authority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:economics&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:full&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:acting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wished&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:january&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enormous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:floor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:independence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:preparation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:argument&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:restriction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:funny&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:himself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:takes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thinks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exercise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:companies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stairs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pace&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:food&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:introduced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ahead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relating&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:united&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reform&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obvious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appeal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:faith&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:situations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:volume&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:am&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quick&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proposed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:over&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:administration&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:party&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:won&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perhaps&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enemy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visitors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anyone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:historical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shareholder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pollution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:common&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facilities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:empty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:active&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:done&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:potential&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ourselves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:having&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:upon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:through&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:once&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:start&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consideration&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:propose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:actually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:letter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:each&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subsequently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:formal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:error&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:personal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sports&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plan&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soldier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:structure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:by&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:demands&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:councils&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:killed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drugs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:director&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spending&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:period&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:video&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:route&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:associated&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unless&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:point&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:east&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:description&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:creating&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bodies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apparently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:control&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:railway&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entirely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:event&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taste&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:laughed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:material&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:granted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extension&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:son&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spoken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:describe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boys&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:owners&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cost&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:family&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:films&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:incident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mother&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:its&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clients&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:key&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:painting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cup&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theatre&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:list&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:compensation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:showed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:positions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:father&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:room&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fault&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:made&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:growing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pretty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:requires&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:refer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:practical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:internal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strongly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keep&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pupils&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:letter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:showing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:touch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:groups&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:curriculum&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:family&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bridge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eggs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:you&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:traditional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:document&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dramatic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mode&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:along&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:festival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unusual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:very&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aged&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:particularly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corporate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:revenue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:save&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:income&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:united&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:near&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taxes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:medical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:per&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:junior&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surprised&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adopted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:read&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:character&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:losing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recognise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:changing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:railroad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:become&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:popular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sleep&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:increasing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:academic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:included&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:who&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:states&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effort&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contrast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:night&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:december&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:part&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bottle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:her&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:write&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:code&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:results&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adequate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:approach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:granted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reported&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:serve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:structures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:christian&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:foundation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neck&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sea&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:response&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:that&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:is&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:amount&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:types&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:earnings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effort&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:than&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:true&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:due&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:this&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ladies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hotel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obtained&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:year&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resource&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minutes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:previous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:murder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strategic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:including&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:morning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:familiar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:longer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organisations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:amongst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:otherwise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:band&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:find&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:after&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proposals&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wonder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neck&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dispute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:out&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deliberately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:up&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remaining&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coming&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slightly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opinion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rail&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:societies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:behind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:designed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contributions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:number&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:committed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lie&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:negative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consumption&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mainly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:media&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corp&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:after&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:places&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:executive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:established&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:begun&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:training&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expected&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:excellent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:day&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worker&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rang&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:congress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:principle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:season&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friendly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:please&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scale&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remember&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:detail&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:letters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flowers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:snow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:him&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:winner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:performance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:giving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:returned&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:types&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:planning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pupils&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sir&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:died&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:revenue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:very&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happening&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:immediately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:delivery&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:software&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:village&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:master&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:performance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:justice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:everywhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evaluation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:infection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:create&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:test&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:greater&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:then&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:increased&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:estate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:separate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:acceptable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:library&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pressure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boss&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:require&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:films&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accounts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:creation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heart&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nobody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wrong&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:naturally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nurse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theories&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:looks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lower&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:new&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:big&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:granted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:here&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:passed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:force&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rural&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:environmental&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sweet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:standard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:numerous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prize&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advertise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:december&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspapers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:camp&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:members&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organisation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consistent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bathe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:glad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:firm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neck&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:markets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:professor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:background&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waste&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ball&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:duty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:been&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:account&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:queen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:impact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:special&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enjoy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:range&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opened&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:amongst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:creation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:country&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recognise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:example&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provision&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recognition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:festival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:independent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:look&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aspects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saturday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:engineering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:by&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exception&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cut&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sensitive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:safe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attempt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coffee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eyes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:window&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:complete&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teams&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:over&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:payments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cope&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:becomes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:above&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:port&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crisis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:papers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thinking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:frequency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accommodation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stare&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:legal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boss&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:answers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ministry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effectively&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:these&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspapers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deaf&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:publish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:again&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:articles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bread&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:population&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:watched&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:film&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confusion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:armed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vehicle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reform&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obvious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accounts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happens&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:concerning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:terms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commission&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:farm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:key&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:document&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sir&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clean&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subjects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:added&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:since&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:education&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:depend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:picture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:temporary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accepted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:watch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:me&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dealing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parliamentary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:emotional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:many&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:via&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opinion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dangerous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:want&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:movement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friendly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:languages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:so&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:out&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:row&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minister&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relief&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afford&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:successfully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:free&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quality&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bodies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:towns&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:movement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opened&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:third&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:creation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:participation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flowers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoulder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:desk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brothers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:abuse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:try&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:found&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:streets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:telephone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:machines&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:help&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attack&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assessment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:left&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spending&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moral&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whenever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pilot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subjects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:honest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:false&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:notes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contribution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:maybe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:band&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lost&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guidance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strongly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:right&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:language&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:all&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relating&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:states&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pulled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:truth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wanted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suddenly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:part&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:behaviour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:single&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:great&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:popular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carefully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:largest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discuss&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remember&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:volume&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:christian&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ownership&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:officers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anyone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:providing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:laws&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mistake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whatever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:objects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:transfer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:global&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:through&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:indeed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspapers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:impressive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reduction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:notes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:people&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:administration&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:administration&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wondered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:disaster&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contributions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:songs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:know&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clothes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:university&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goals&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opportunity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:badly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plenty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:partners&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:page&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dang&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:caused&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fields&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:psychological&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:understanding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investigation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soldier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nevertheless&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:merely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:traffic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visitor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:existence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:international&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:performance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:full&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:violence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:used&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:practice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corporation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:valuable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:social&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:state&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consequences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:potential&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stories&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:largely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:helpful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:service&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:threat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statistic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:independence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:county&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reduction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sign&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:techniques&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:divide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proceed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:producing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:age&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:containing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:youth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:purpose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:foreign&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weapons&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ministers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:however&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:immediate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:frequently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heart&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tax&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:became&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:document&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:research&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thursday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:said&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:largely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coming&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:else&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:both&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:acting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yeah&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:furthermore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:literature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seemed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:somewhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:debt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carrying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ahead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:members&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:last&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:group&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rarely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:range&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:currently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:must&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:continue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:next&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:huge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:telling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:telling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:programmes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:solution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:faith&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:immediate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:very&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accept&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wearing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:killed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:create&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:same&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parties&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skin&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carrying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:videotape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:noise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:both&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:delivery&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:below&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:depth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:catch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:january&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:definitely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weak&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:educational&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:later&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:especially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:championship&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:valley&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:school&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:normally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:precise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:several&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:correct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:announced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:son&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:night&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:act&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:writing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lack&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dangerous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:despite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trouble&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lovely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:huge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:normal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:profession&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:establish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:giving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:picture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:currently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corporation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:movements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plenty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provides&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extremely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:questions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:great&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involvement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:politics&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:charge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:referred&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lots&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:workers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exception&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smooth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regularly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:associate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:communications&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aspects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:master&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:want&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:camp&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:requirement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chief&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:needs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:draw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rates&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:available&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recovery&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:figure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:to&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carried&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:certainly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:generally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:looked&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:question&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recognise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:them&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:changed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sector&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:workers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:april&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enjoy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conditions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:judge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:previous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interpretation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heads&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parliament&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:late&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:join&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:march&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sugar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:county&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sharp&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:follow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cash&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discuss&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apparent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:market&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:caught&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thursday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:few&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expressed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supporters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:result&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assessment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:serious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:authorities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thanks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:officer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:of&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:animal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:started&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sum&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:issued&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expansion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:get&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:round&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mouth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grey&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:east&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expert&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weeks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agriculture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strong&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:importance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:names&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:valuable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:currently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commercial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seeking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:already&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:junior&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sheet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:writers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drugs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:signed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mechanism&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pulled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:genuine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:presentation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:file&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:indeed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:starting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:promote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:went&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ordinary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:james&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sorry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:area&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suitable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:event&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:songs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hole&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:argument&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:constitution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weeks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:instructions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:household&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:circumstances&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:project&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fault&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affairs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nobody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:normal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:phrase&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:decided&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:politicians&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:their&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sale&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strength&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deeply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commercial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tried&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:losses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provision&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:base&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:circumstance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pulled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:left&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:independence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assembly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:september&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:current&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:removed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:temperature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:economics&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:century&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facilities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:person&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:new&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:region&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:earlier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:double&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:excite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:global&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wait&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:politics&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:placed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:turning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leisure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thinks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:golden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:input&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:also&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extreme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:these&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slowly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:definitely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:road&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:northern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:basic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:excite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:each&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:has&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remains&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:never&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discovered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:border&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nod&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:over&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walls&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:executive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crowd&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:laughed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:council&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:made&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:material&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:list&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:health&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:noise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:normal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birthday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:payments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exciting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:collection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:does&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:site&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:report&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:real&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stomach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:column&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:phase&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ran&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:argue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:badly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kept&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ball&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sensitive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:divided&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:points&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:women&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bottom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:line&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seems&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walls&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:add&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:representatives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dressed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:residential&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possibility&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:amount&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discover&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affected&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:model&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:during&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reported&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provided&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:secondly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:socalled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:book&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:include&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:emphasis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clean&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:though&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leg&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:silly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mechanism&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:existence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:emotional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clinical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:best&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:independent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loss&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:implementation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sorts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:originally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:history&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:global&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:methods&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:iron&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:intelligence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:copies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:serious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:generally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:member&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:typical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:monetary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:difficult&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:object&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forward&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:badly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tasks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:myself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teacher&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:returning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:the&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opposition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:final&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:correct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elderly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:roles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:open&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:for&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nod&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effort&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:way&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whole&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occur&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:operations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drugs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advantage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:always&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brief&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:capable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:international&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:become&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plants&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prepare&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:normal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:name&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:duties&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ultimately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:edge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:armed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:produced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dog&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beyond&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:banks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arrived&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:policies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:short&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:themselves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:electricity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:imagination&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knowing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pleasure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:a&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:big&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:am&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:properties&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conduct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nevertheless&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:truly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technique&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:river&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visitors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:democratic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mainly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:memory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:steps&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saturday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:candidate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:necessary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:social&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:female&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:returning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:set&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ancient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:videotaped&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:save&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:familiar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:claims&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sign&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:custom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:careful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:looking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:air&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:column&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clinical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interview&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:year&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yeah&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feelings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:became&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:per&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mean&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:producing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whatever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:specific&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clients&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:frequency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conduct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:issue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:radio&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:west&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obvious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:team&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outstand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interview&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:village&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:troop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:amongst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:village&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:general&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consequences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:secretary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dog&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exercise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:owners&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conference&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:degrees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:famous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:might&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grew&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:determined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doctor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:courts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teeth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:central&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prevent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conventional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:desk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:why&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:available&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:narrow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:numbers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:applications&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meetings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:golf&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beginning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:concerning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:refer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:running&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unfortunately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:formation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tired&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:version&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:started&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:limited&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contracts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:country&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:identity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carrying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seeing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:very&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:device&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:establishment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:an&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:background&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:highly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:railway&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:need&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:options&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:men&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:union&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:me&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weekend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replace&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lots&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agriculture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bloody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:associated&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tables&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visitors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:structure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:studies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beginning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mistake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:material&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:store&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:core&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bringing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alcohol&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:setting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organization&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:utile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:save&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:port&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:revenue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:society&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:external&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quality&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:let&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loans&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:joint&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:horses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:customer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:laughed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beautiful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:convention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:progress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sports&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:running&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:odd&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:priority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:panel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plaintiff&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:football&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kinds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brothers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:countryside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:impression&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:per&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expectations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appropriate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:overall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:firm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:street&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:southern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:victory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:if&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forgotten&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:why&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friends&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:development&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:citizens&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sites&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:round&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ago&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:categories&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quickly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tendency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:members&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aircraft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paint&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tooth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:money&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consider&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:description&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:natural&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:material&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ways&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proportion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:objects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involvement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:index&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:form&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:latter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:human&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tools&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:just&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buildings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:services&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adult&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alongside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:army&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:raise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:able&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:less&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:although&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:column&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adopt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:roads&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:file&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:formal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:standing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:many&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:storage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:though&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inquiry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aircraft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advanced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clothe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remembered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:encourage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sources&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suppose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broke&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:continues&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:compare&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bird&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:screen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:background&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:directors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:herself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:built&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:compare&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:impossible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moderne&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tools&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:previously&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:world&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:over&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:representatives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:understand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:among&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:file&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:desire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:argument&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:green&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:military&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:free&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scientists&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:excite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:catch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:intend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:humane&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:means&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pick&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sum&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:world&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:selling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:valley&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:january&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bath&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:protect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:valuable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discussed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strange&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:body&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reasonably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:approval&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:images&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ability&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:follows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:literary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:biggest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:otherwise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:per&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:currently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:given&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:family&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:myself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waiting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:automatically&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:note&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:get&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sentence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:steps&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paintings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:department&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:code&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:climate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:town&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affected&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comparison&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:watched&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:training&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:user&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:men&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:passage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:egg&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:receive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mark&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:connection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hole&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sport&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:music&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nod&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nineteenth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:palea&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:note&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bottom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:starts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:measure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:am&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:castle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:architecture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:railway&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:january&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:readers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:west&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:state&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doctors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:united&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elderly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kingdom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:older&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:black&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:house&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:block&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:asked&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carefully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:material&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arrival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:find&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:asked&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:debt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:function&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:losses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enjoyed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:income&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:none&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chapter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parliamentary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nodded&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:planning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chapter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:raised&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:potential&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:female&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entirely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chairman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:introduce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:editor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supposed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:orders&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:levels&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inevitable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:herself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sheet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mean&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:place&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effective&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:from&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:presence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:membership&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sample&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:views&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:everyone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:competitive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:going&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:time&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experience&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:television&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:herself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:looked&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arrived&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pretty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:best&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nervous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:communities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wooden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:providing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:either&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:costs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:told&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:respectively&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:like&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entirely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quickly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:otherwise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:explain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:these&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:institute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:metres&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:self&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:genuine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:detail&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:safety&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regulations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:popular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:citizens&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industrial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meeting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:committed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:two&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:next&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:money&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:only&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conflict&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defendant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broke&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pretty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parties&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:busy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apparently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fruit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:andy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:panel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exercise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:release&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:section&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buildings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:therefore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:patient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:water&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspapers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:king&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manager&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:there&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crisis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leave&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:help&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wednesday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enthusiasm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:difference&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remained&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:going&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:claimed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:excite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:managers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organization&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:insurance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:image&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advantage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:setting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resource&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:videotaped&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:somewhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:respectively&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centuries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soldier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birthday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:everybody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:care&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:method&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inquiry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weekend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:build&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ancient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:critics&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:between&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:courses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treaty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relatives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:should&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technique&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wonder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:am&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:observation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loans&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sort&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:location&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:show&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pick&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:or&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:artists&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proceed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:during&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paintings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ultimately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:judge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:those&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:iron&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:male&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:am&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:private&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:great&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taxes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:negotiations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:league&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:categories&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:younger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:years&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:states&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:divided&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advantages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lovely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:western&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:science&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:free&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proportion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:already&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:becomes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:convention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fairly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cricket&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:policy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cricket&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:us&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:administration&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:true&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:released&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clinical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:numb&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meanwhile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:call&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speaker&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stars&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:information&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:includes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:utile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distinct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:existence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sport&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:benefit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:street&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:county&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leave&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:director&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:liberal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confusion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:result&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sky&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:other&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:done&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:director&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fund&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:structures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:home&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commercial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seriously&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shareholder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:learn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fundamental&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:objective&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:image&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:election&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exists&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seemed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:artists&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:judge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involvement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wave&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allowing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weather&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grounds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doubt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:failure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:report&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:by&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nuclear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:badly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:daughter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:purposes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:angry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seats&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:positive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:views&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:symptom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:red&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agencies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bath&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:profit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:placed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:direct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defendant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proof&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wrote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:findings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:requirement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doctors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:avoid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:odd&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:say&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:autumn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obtain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:word&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friendly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:form&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accommodation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exciting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:via&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neck&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hope&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:old&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:make&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:add&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dispute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technology&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:legislation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:women&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flowers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yourself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assumption&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rooms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:course&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exchange&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:permission&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fingers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expectations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consistent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:briefly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vision&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:continued&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:call&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:general&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:module&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evaluation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:characteristic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:announce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:highest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conditions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drama&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:specific&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:himself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:makes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bringing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:connection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:include&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:location&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:policy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:actually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teeth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possibly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colleagues&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fund&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:merely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:though&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teams&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:belief&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:last&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pressures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:partners&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:voluntary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:partly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:send&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:altogether&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interested&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conservative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:traffic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:center&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:armed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:state&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:states&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rather&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:park&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:decided&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:changing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neither&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sales&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:own&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:would&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centuries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rang&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extremely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:homes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:develop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:objectives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fashion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:error&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recognize&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:notice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subject&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:customer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vehicle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:living&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:propose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anyway&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wondered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wrong&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enormous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supreme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:laws&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:left&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surprised&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:writers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:before&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:define&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waste&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consistent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:important&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:error&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commercial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:starts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:growing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ended&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deputy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nobody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:future&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:objects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:granted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statistic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:related&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plenty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:high&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:today&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coffee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:initiative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:make&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:second&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advanced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:negotiation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mainly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carefully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:activity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:telling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:biggest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:to&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nevertheless&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:village&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:working&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:introduce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rooms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:game&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contains&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucky&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:words&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:studio&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friends&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:noted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:light&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:war&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:describe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:location&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfectly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:social&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:public&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:black&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:voice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:type&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:three&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exists&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:generally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:poetry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:approach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:table&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remains&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leave&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:box&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:century&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:these&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:activities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fighting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:executive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:telephone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:earlier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commission&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:century&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:required&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minutes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:directly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:policy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:jacket&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:amount&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outcome&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strength&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adult&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:directly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:your&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:laugh&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:disease&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:management&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:motion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:essentially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ship&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:create&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exists&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:places&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:height&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whether&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cover&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mental&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:survey&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organisations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:core&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bag&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accepted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:periods&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:income&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:index&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attack&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:border&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:previously&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allowing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:student&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:products&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rates&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gun&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prince&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:training&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:about&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:site&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:are&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:protein&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guitar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:store&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:your&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lovely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loan&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:institute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:himself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distinct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:democratic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commission&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expenditure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:complete&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:degree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:check&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:research&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technique&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:respect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:intention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:especially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:two&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commitment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:network&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:marry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tired&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strike&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:end&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reports&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:presumably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:size&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:holy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prison&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucky&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:magazine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:groundsheet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:force&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:woman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:examine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gentleman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:name&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proportion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:festival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:policies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:painting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:take&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cricket&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:problem&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:watching&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teachers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distinct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:little&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:injury&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:blacken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beyond&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:humane&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attack&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centuries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:partly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:west&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:undertake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:any&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tv&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:completed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wooden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:constantly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feeling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:basically&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:base&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:users&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:servant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:museum&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:someone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:funds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:personnel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pace&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:totally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:disabled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:poetry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neither&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ship&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finished&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:net&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:familiar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cabinet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sex&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cabinet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:selection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:internal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:by&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beneath&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:a&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worker&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dressed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adequate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:education&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:designed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gradually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:machines&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arrive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technology&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contact&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arrived&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:care&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opportunities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:to&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:greatest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pale&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saturday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accepted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anyone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:second&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:patients&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:argue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tension&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allowed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:general&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:again&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:towards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aged&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:through&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unlike&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:by&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drawn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ways&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evaluation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:phase&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strategies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:improvement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:establish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:certain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:global&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:huge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspapers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:couple&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:store&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:site&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:therefore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:presented&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:patients&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advantages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discussions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corporation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoulder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:we&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grateful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:precise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:support&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hospital&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:item&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:threw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investigation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opinion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:choose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prize&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:science&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:losses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:always&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:schools&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:views&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:challenge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:western&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sort&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hospitals&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cause&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ordinary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leisure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elsewhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:traffic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:date&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:providing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:production&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:decade&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tasks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:he&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plane&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:little&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:explain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:electric&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:explained&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:applied&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pleasure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:religious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:music&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:within&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:late&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surface&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:build&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:column&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seats&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gradually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:engine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:child&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:is&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:simply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:generally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:limited&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:master&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:railroad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bodies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:match&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weeks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:servants&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:police&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:therefore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:daily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brother&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conduct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:south&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consequence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:already&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expert&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:writer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chemical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contributions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:person&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rates&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:turn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:approximately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sentence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:areas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:north&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bathe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rates&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:global&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:greatest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:think&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plan&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paintings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leisure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provided&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affairs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:metre&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:factor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leg&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:long&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:past&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:given&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:company&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:piece&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lady&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:woman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accept&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:island&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:useful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:debt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:influence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nobody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:upper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:horses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:circle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lower&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:school&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:looking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slowly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:records&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:funds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:includes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:armed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:blacken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:date&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unemployment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:signs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:illness&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:long&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:becomes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facility&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criterion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:height&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consideration&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expectations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:using&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:common&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:play&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discovered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:laws&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:youth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pick&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industrial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surprised&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:my&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ran&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scientist&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:team&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:develop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:desk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clinical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:actions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sides&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:journey&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:death&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:one&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comprehensive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:giving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:close&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nod&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:no&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opposition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:applications&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:female&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facility&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:applies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:january&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:touch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tells&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seeing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:professional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leg&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:this&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:valuable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:break&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:last&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:top&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effective&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:developments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brother&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provision&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:very&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:release&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:island&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:violence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:applies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:number&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:phase&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:schemes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wild&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:library&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:genuine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forgotten&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assumption&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:into&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:specie&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:partly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:two&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:compensation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waiting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plaintiff&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:able&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:views&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reduction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:method&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dozen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ask&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:institutions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opportunity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:immediate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bathe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supporter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teachers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expectations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spending&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paintings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:duties&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adult&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:railway&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:our&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:environment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:familiar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:value&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:independence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:number&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subsequently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:for&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:computers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:great&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conventional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:activity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:actually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deliberately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:illness&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:developed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cooperation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elections&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:blood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:why&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pocket&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mothers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accept&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mothers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:victory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:notes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:personal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:was&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:combination&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subsequently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:land&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:file&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:correct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:column&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scientists&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:find&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:purchase&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distribution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:study&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dang&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:signs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ground&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:biggest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:your&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treaty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trade&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:emotional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:next&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:figure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enjoy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:test&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:choice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fingers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:most&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commercial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mixture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:range&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entitled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:require&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:influence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:culture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lower&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:readily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:list&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prevent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accurate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:successfully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dogs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beyond&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:local&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apart&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:custom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:director&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rule&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:day&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:almost&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:events&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:secretary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:made&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:less&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:owners&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resistance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:near&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:winter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:of&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:food&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keeping&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:influence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:golden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wished&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agriculture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:method&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:form&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vehicles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:getting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:means&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mother&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:little&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:showing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:successfully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obviously&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:awareness&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:condition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:change&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sometimes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfectly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:utile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enterprise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:should&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unlike&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:larger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:come&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ownership&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pounds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:won&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:providing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:creating&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:please&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stayed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:least&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:men&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relating&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:membership&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attempts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:none&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skills&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:when&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:port&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:labour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:essential&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:begins&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remember&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:round&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:separate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advantages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:off&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:particularly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:under&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:common&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seek&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:particular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:and&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:map&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:considered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoulder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:solid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:announce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:follow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:faces&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:profession&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:girls&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pupils&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:found&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alcohol&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leg&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:powerful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:politician&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reader&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:council&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:serious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:noise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:justice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:student&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subjects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:software&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neighbours&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:never&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:you&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whilst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:similar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seemed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:going&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:avoid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chief&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:room&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kinds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:became&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ideas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strike&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mixture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:computer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crisis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:great&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:except&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:economy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neighbour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:short&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:literary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:helped&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discovered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:isolated&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:says&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:andy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:available&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:put&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:last&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:senior&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:running&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:funds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:literature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:core&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:head&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:city&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entitle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nearly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scientists&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:undertaken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:application&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:funny&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whilst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:greater&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:civil&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:processes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:time&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:actions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:candidates&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggested&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:joined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:immediately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:represents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:individual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:passed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tonight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:covering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resolution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expected&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:absolute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:big&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mouth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discover&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tomorrow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:piece&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scheme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coming&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:roads&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:by&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reader&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:concepts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pretty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:included&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treaty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:war&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exception&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quickly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:international&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pattern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:halve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:file&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:north&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resistance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:try&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tomorrow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:works&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:along&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:executive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:such&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experience&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waited&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exciting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:catch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:up&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:too&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:senior&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reasons&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wild&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:new&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:further&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commitment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:candidates&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:structure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:numbers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:until&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lords&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:local&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:looked&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replied&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:few&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:noted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:council&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:achieved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:under&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discovery&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:october&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:border&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mother&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drawn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:read&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:size&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elsewhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:holiday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:officials&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:screen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:philosophy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smiled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:efficient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:help&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:associate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:of&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subsequently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:individuals&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wealth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tools&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seemed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:languages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:words&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:might&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:noise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spokesman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:critic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:departments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:historical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kinds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:terms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fashion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wife&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:league&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opportunity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:acting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aged&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:authorities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:difficult&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:holy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:representation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:asked&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:competition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ahead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:false&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eventually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:policies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:breach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:table&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cancer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:losing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:usually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:constantly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:issues&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:essentially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:train&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:given&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:book&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:station&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organisations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proceedings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:male&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ideal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sample&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speaking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:videotaped&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:personality&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:games&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tomorrow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:others&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:critical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nevertheless&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interview&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:single&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:night&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:standard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:called&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:odd&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:said&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:definitely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:or&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:festival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:return&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comparison&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:performance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replaced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pleasure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:decided&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:girl&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:former&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:required&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:upper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:roles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:period&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:applies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consequence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leader&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:breath&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:officer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pub&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:main&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conservation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bitt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mechanism&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:top&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involvement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:instruction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alternative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statistic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:few&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brother&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:completely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:groundsheet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:usual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:channel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:art&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:complex&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discover&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:may&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expansion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:puts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appoint&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dark&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heavily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:government&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happening&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:story&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:emotional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:board&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:people&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tried&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:husband&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bodies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:data&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:example&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:form&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crowd&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fairly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resource&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:improvement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:oil&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:metal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:any&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:structures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:implementation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:version&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:following&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:functions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sensitive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wider&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:were&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:display&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doctor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resistance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:star&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:announced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loss&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:managed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:producing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:last&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theoretical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:war&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:component&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:row&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attack&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opinion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soul&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:village&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:transfer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:behind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:altogether&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commission&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:victims&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sensitive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:artists&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lots&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:precisely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:house&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:services&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:acid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:citizen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:institutions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:persons&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:another&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:normal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nineteenth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:became&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:andy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:undertake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meetings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:us&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lunch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:form&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:photographs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sport&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:far&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tool&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:how&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:policies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subsequently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:month&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:management&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knife&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experiences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:woman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cooperation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:custom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:autumn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wait&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mark&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rathe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guilty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bigger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:modern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:myself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statistic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extra&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throughout&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:media&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:existence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:impression&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:okay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:application&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:houses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:landscape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lord&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:faith&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appointed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attitudes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neck&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:asking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visitors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strength&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pupil&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:managers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:estate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supposed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evaluation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspapers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:received&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:july&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:follow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:identity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enterprise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:poor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:environmental&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effort&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replaced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:committee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corp&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:once&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guitar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reading&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nervous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bird&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:memory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treated&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corporation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skin&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:once&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:competition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:capital&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:victory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:watch&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shortly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carrying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:the&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:totally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replied&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leave&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:network&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:do&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:removed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:report&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:port&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:night&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ideal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visitor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:longer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resource&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loan&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cost&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:damage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:courts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soldier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:just&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:science&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occurs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:threw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:through&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criminal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:member&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appropriate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:excite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:factor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:degrees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:single&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regulation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:software&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spending&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:courses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:same&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:section&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:big&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vehicle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:importance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:professor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:act&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unique&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:must&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:next&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:river&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taste&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:upper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reasonably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:january&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:our&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:basis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tradition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:savings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:musical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:increasing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:account&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:page&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expenditure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brothers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:represents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:basis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extra&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thanks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:areas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whether&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whether&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:held&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:animals&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aim&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weeks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:training&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:refer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criterion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:courses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:excite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:officer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teachers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:undertake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elderly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:retirement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allowed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:therefore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sex&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:languages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:almost&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:using&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:glass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plans&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beginning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:argue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:check&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:herself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wonderful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:physical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:museum&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:that&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ministers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shops&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advantage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reasons&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:car&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sector&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spokesman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lord&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:solid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:model&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:subject&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:week&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:powerful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bringing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wedding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:block&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:join&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:milk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:continues&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quick&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:failed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:listen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:solid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:like&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:met&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bathe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effective&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dinner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:begin&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teams&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anybody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:constantly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:against&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:path&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:july&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:panel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surface&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:why&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wild&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extremely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:son&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:their&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sea&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:roads&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:variety&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seconds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:critical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elections&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:less&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:committed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bright&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skin&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gun&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rooms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scientist&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regime&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:a&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bridge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:custom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enemy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seek&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:family&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:term&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:servants&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centre&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:child&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relevant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centres&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:heavily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facility&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:divided&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:justice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspaper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:natural&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:driven&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prepared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:badly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appeal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outstand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:farther&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enjoy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:be&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:met&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:personal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:book&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sports&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:capacity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:via&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:take&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:audience&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beyond&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:degree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:individual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pleasure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proof&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leisure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crowd&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employ&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tool&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:told&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:earlier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:long&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fields&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:message&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:significance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dress&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extensive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exchange&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:famous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assembly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rapidly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:efforts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:economy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knew&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:large&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mountain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:victims&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:governments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agriculture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:settlement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allowed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interesting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:users&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:on&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unique&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:realise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:men&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:again&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wearing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entirely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:situations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:especially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:upper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:official&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tension&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whole&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goods&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expansion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:play&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hair&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exactly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:motion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advantages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:however&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:press&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:block&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:judge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:railway&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:region&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:green&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:providing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waiting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:later&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:youth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:play&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:display&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wanted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:largest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happened&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:construction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extension&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:until&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:problems&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:blue&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opposition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whilst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expensive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:our&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theoretical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:improve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:groundsheet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obvious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expense&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accommodation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ended&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:welfare&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:giving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vehicles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appeared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appearance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:active&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crowd&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tension&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:twice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:residential&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:partly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:church&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:face&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:district&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mothers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:overall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:signed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:height&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:listen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:practical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:league&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:three&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:avoid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:naturally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tired&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:previously&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conclusion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fields&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arrival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:include&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:abuse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replaced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:division&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:present&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:troops&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fund&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:user&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:move&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reading&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tension&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:maybe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fallen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:requirements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:present&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:engine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:federal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:communication&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experiences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pull&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:useful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:led&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:north&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skills&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:might&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bitt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coffee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obvious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cancer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:not&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:response&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:somehow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smaller&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:given&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:content&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:depends&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adults&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:series&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sections&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:animal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:train&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:economics&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:truly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:instruction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:holy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carefully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:playing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:actual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:christmas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scientific&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seemed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:solid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:levels&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knife&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:should&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bag&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wednesday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:use&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:similar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anything&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:techniques&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inflation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:library&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:intention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:three&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vehicle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treatment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centuries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attempt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strange&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:documents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:energy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surface&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:documents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kids&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:roof&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technology&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:biggest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nearly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggestion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:motor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:restaurant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:words&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:document&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sudden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lord&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tears&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:any&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:production&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:disabled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:white&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:highest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:danger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:we&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stomach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sir&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:purposes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:realize&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:done&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:famous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:victims&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:box&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:writers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:components&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teeth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:operations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lost&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bus&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proportion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:the&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nurse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:context&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:literary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thursday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wooden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agencies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:branches&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:imagine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:welfare&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:examine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advertise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:concept&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assembly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:institution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:returned&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assumption&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possibly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:awareness&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:term&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:not&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:placed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wanted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:because&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:granted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:on&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:priority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relief&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:not&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:answers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:indeed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stars&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:staff&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:before&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:once&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bottle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:demands&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:families&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:message&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:memory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:applications&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unemployed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:name&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walked&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waited&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:golf&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expectation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equipment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statutory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:familiar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recorded&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skin&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leadership&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:junior&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:including&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:labor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cold&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entrance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:built&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equipment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bottle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pool&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agriculture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:became&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:die&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:framework&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:results&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:place&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:inquiry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:biggest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:far&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:modules&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:closely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:route&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:city&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prisoner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:claimed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:works&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:over&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:selection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:election&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contrast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:else&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discussion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:felt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:author&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:said&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:role&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centres&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:everything&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outstanding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deputy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:domestic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:budget&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tried&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stones&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coffee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quiet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:staff&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:great&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ideas&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:castle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reform&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:differences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:begin&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:self&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:countryside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:skin&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:applies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:significance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:intervention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:path&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:points&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:join&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attractive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rules&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speaker&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afternoon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enjoy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supporters&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:flat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plenty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:share&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:school&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:star&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:many&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:essential&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:database&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:material&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:restriction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arrangements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:smooth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:however&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:owner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:point&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:protect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expectation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:household&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:another&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:one&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:demands&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whether&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:where&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:being&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:over&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weather&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:domestic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waited&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expressed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:queen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:very&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:infection&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treated&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fund&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:language&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paint&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:disease&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:language&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treatment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cabinet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fail&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:identify&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criticism&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:winner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:profession&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:within&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:markets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:procedure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:caught&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:building&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:price&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:news&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:professor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:personnel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wait&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criminal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:first&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treatment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:daughter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:festival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anyone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hospital&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obtained&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:they&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wrong&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ahead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:war&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:socalled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criticism&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trust&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:image&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:before&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:earth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:initially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:develop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:metres&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:turn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soldiers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:simply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:significant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sheep&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:customer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:glass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:learning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:majority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afford&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:survival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:round&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reached&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:required&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:support&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criticism&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beautiful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:originally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:body&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:says&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:instruction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:units&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:held&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appearance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visited&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:are&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:left&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:etc&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seemed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wild&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:priority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:theatre&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:warm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:production&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:horse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experiences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:began&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loans&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:concerning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:learn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:answer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:short&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trouble&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thrown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:difference&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chairman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plastic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kinds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quarter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:members&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:traffic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:detail&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:started&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attitudes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:helen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:common&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shops&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reduced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:palea&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recognition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:other&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:client&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:branches&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:one&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afterwards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exactly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hands&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recognise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:okay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fighting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:methods&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:map&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:customer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:historical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scheme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:growing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:precise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:my&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vital&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:residential&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:significantly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:politics&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:desire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:found&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:considerable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucky&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:falling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pilot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unemployed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discovered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:badly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:democracy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:looking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:women&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:told&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:civil&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relationships&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:increase&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:profit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:literature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sister&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:readily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:until&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:impressive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quiet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:can&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outstand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:than&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thank&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:although&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cut&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weekend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:granted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attack&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:august&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:key&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:raised&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:convention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:total&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:negative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pollution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:improve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recovery&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:respect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:uses&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:near&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:done&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:artist&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:award&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:never&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stop&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:excite&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conflict&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:control&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:information&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statements&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:district&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:towns&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:look&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:things&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:videotape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:official&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:widespread&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throughout&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:structures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:oil&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:core&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doctor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:route&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happening&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:office&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:papers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:way&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rural&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:technology&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waited&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:negotiation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:churches&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crew&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:projects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:price&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:solution&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:like&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:everywhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:except&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:therefore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sector&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:supply&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:look&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ever&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yeah&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:block&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plants&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:probably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:modules&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:certain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relatively&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:golf&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:implications&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:patient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:precise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exciting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:could&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accepted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:came&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nineteenth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:literary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regarded&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pace&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discovered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:associate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:studio&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fewer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:properly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rocks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:command&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:to&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throughout&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sections&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:generally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:countryside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:court&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:generally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:false&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:link&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:languages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:should&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:frequently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extremely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:use&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expressed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:isolate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speak&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dark&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:showing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:above&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pension&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:record&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happened&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leader&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:angry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:response&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:armed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:democratic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birthday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:setting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:willing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involvement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:becoming&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attempts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:planning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:camp&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:path&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outstanding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:youth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:railroad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replaced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pilot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dark&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ready&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:roman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:friends&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crowd&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:introduce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:instead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:restaurant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assumption&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:personnel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anyway&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:list&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saturday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:listen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sheet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fallen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:west&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effective&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shareholder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:requirement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bottle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relatives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:style&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:white&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tried&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:blood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:software&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:she&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:done&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:victims&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:initiative&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:page&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:miles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoulders&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thereby&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:satisfaction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:many&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:farm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:item&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:side&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waste&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:previously&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:concepts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:october&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:need&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pub&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:once&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:available&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:more&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:turning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:met&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plenty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:running&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strategic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:disease&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surprise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:girls&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:user&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attempts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:face&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:magazine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effective&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replace&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:licence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:environmental&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rathe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recorded&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pale&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:procedures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:research&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:physical&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:liberal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:respond&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:special&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lucky&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:challenge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:part&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:speaker&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:staff&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stupid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:answer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knife&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:direct&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:famous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:them&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:island&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effort&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:abuse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afterward&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prisoners&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brilliant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:citizen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:usually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:command&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weekend&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:winner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:love&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:club&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quality&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enjoyed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assessment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conversation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leadership&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lips&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:those&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:figures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:characteristic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:films&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grew&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sale&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:face&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:answer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:require&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:involved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:court&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:released&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grey&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:study&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:literary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walked&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provides&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:set&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:station&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:transfer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:variation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:session&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:follows&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:talk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:degrees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:what&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discussions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:functions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slowly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:obtained&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pulled&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shops&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consequence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:willing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tonight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:between&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ways&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:golden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:significance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discussed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:children&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wednesday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:acceptable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bills&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:equipment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cheap&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visitors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:latter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:service&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parliamentary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:symptoms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wonderful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:female&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:receive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:red&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:baby&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:courts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thanks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fault&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:continued&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:build&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:something&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:circumstance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:test&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:amount&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:states&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:role&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:techniques&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:search&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:during&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:figure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paintings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:autumn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:youth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seek&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:upper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mirror&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:implementation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:families&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:different&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:from&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:glass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:necessary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:danger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grounds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:undertaken&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:own&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:value&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:practices&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:months&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discuss&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:decline&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:is&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shareholder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:effects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:essentially&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:improvement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:studies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eventually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:loved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reasons&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organizations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:religion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:short&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deaf&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:practice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:then&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:above&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:winner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shareholders&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unknown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investigation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:understanding&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teaching&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doctors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:experiments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:red&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:film&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sum&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:career&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:store&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:television&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:structures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:play&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:college&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:computer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:medium&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:readers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:approval&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unfortunately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:women&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:videotaped&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advertising&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:best&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:some&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:charity&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:methods&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:structure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:benefits&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recovery&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hotel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exercise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:build&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:design&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aye&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:telling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:processes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:important&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:database&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:papers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:via&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:external&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:announce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:secondly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:survive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:decline&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:charges&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:intended&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:farmers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:package&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prevent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bird&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:projects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:office&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:country&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:actions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:night&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fairly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:necessary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:established&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:career&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hotel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contributions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:with&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:close&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:secretary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suitable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:general&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:marriage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:okay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fruit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cover&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:month&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:licence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appeal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:code&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nobody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:significantly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:persons&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:railroad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:complex&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:onto&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enemy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:small&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cause&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:past&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:groups&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:services&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:returning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:otherwise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:articles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:path&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:number&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coffee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pressure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:charge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:february&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:criterion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:castle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:firms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kitchen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rule&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:longterm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:users&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:returning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:once&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prepared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:measures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:staring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expert&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:studies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:time&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yard&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thick&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:new&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:modern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:free&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:voice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:formed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:government&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:faith&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:annual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:understood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:took&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:growing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cooperation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:command&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:why&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:height&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ready&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bloody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:them&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suppose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vital&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dirty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:granted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:within&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:placed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:raise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:abroad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thrown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lady&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sudden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thinks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reference&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:year&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:approach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:seeking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:channel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prize&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:highest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:music&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:begun&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remember&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reason&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:taking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attitudes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:says&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:serve&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centuries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sports&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:magazine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:its&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ministry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:feeling&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:applied&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:course&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relationships&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whilst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:vote&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:workers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:survey&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mechanism&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nodded&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mostly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:currently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:popular&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:throw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:species&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plastic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:park&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pool&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enormous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:festival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:already&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reform&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:location&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:demand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:claim&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:passage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beauty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:many&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:animal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regarded&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teachers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:district&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:valley&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:joint&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:urbane&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:urban&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:careful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wants&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:marriage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:independence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:resources&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sir&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:last&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:common&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:morning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extension&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chapter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:survive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:university&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appropriate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:slow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:publish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leg&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:determination&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keeping&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:village&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investigation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fashion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:considerably&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mountain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:difficulty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:foot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appointment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:considered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:his&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:built&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:personal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alone&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:additional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dispute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:band&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:young&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:production&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:age&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:maintenance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:november&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accurate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:symptoms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remember&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:truly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:alcohol&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afford&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hello&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:statistics&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:black&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:primary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sentences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:myself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outstand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:special&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:building&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:government&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walls&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:includes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brown&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:towards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:strength&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:principles&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:humane&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:principal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provided&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:status&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:queen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:caused&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:analyse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enjoyed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mechanism&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outstand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:golf&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:poll&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:numbers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:school&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:coffee&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:priority&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:busy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:used&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:programme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:edge&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rich&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:development&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appointed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commercial&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:except&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thinking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facility&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:definitely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:voluntary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:laws&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stayed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mum&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:link&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possession&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:option&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:exists&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afford&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nineteenth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:project&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:during&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:do&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:changed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:glass&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:awareness&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facilities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:egg&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:necessary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:circumstance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opinion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:had&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:over&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:existence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:article&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prize&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appoint&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lack&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaving&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:some&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stopped&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:implementation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:markets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reports&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:contained&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:covered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stay&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:will&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consumption&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:castle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reputation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:royal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:forms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:another&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:turn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:great&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nobody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:men&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:golf&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pieces&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remains&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clubs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bigger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:puts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pick&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beyond&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plenty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aircraft&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:know&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:helen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:approximately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:patient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:side&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:might&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regulations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:analysis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:them&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bathe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:satisfaction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:executive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:politicians&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:date&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:president&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offices&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:liability&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evening&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:goes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clubs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eggs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:planning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afterward&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:campaign&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:produce&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:eggs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:changing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:direction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:significance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dog&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:horse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:have&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:series&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bath&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:account&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fuel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:frame&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:least&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:context&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cause&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:would&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:to&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brother&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rather&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prisoner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:overall&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extra&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:faith&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:what&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:package&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prisoner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quality&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:achieved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:improvement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:practice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:combination&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prime&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:publish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:temperature&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nervous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:standing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:metres&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:well&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:landscape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:risk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:confident&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:secondly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:between&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tonight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:farmers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prevent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:audience&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:covering&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:key&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:high&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:little&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:committed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:partly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:around&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:individual&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:management&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:settlement&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conflict&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boss&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:safe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bodies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crew&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:division&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sufficient&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:district&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dealing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:country&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beneath&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:relations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aim&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:write&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:courts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:i&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agents&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nights&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fully&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:members&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adopt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bill&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:view&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happens&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:interests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:intention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unlike&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoulders&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:same&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:achieved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:man&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:members&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stayed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:self&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:services&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nod&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:thick&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:satisfaction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:recent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:details&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:restrictions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:standards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buildings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surprise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:received&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regarded&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:user&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:previously&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:part&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unlike&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:described&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:traditional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:them&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guidance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:noise&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anyway&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:instructions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:president&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remains&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agriculture&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:due&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adult&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:public&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bath&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assistance&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:associated&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dozen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:life&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:served&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nod&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:farm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:isolated&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:famous&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:teeth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:arrive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unfortunately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:about&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:breakfast&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:journey&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:voluntary&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:august&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:decide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anxious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:myself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:double&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:crow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:road&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:compensation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:designed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reported&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tuesday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:piece&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unemployed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beyond&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:groundsheet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:county&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pleasant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:straight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bathe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:know&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:definitely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agencies&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mention&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weather&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:former&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sheep&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:location&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:images&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moderne&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:survival&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pension&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rough&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:document&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:will&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:got&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anxious&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:core&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:off&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:communication&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:science&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:block&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:waiting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ministry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pressures&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:politician&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:the&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:young&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:step&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lead&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:else&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pattern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:longer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quality&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:managed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bedroom&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possibility&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comfortable&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:competitive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:why&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:homes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:variety&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:garden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:age&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:man&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:night&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:happens&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:additional&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proposed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:public&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:papers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:solid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:box&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:carry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advantages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:information&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:want&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:analysis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:preparation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:whole&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:desk&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:starting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:center&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beauty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adopted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:analyse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:debt&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:blood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:become&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:compared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:expressed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:disaster&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shake&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nothing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:terms&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:working&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:politicians&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discussed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:idea&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:trying&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:united&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dream&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:discovery&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:economy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drugs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:knew&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:detailed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:device&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ask&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:false&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:quick&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:manner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:basis&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pupil&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:labor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:baby&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:iron&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:returned&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rathe&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:leaders&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:appropriate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:separate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unique&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:servants&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sort&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:living&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:years&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gentleman&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:further&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:document&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:paint&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:completely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hardly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:classes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:career&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:activities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bits&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:you&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:division&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doctors&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:directly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chest&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:roof&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:distinction&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:implication&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accurate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:definition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:not&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:utile&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:angry&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:walking&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weather&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:patterns&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:film&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:animals&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aside&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:related&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:account&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:october&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:work&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:death&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:positive&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:act&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:general&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:definition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:continued&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:problems&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:projects&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consumer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:saw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:growth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investigation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mothers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:usually&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:genuine&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:treaty&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neither&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plan&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:applied&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:driver&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nod&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:here&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:funds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perfect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:surprising&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easier&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:guests&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corporation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:drugs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suffer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:centres&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:president&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:use&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:west&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reason&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stayed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:create&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:competition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:humane&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:matter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:evidence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:prepared&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:offence&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:process&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:area&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:agreed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:our&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:immediately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:side&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beginning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:it&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:reputation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:entire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:model&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:visited&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:planning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:readers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:october&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sorts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:clearly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brought&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:long&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:purchase&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:castle&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:keen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:difficulties&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:door&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:familiar&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afternoon&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:travel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:higher&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pupils&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:away&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fighting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:something&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:go&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:send&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:song&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remembered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:joined&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:villages&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoulders&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:social&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:outstand&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shareholder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:analyse&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:board&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:programme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:scene&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:time&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kids&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:establishment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:large&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:newspaper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:electronic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:glad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:replaced&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:budget&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:organisations&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:breath&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:members&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sports&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:turned&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:century&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:affairs&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:winner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:easily&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anybody&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:floor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:monday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:follow&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:films&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:material&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spring&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consumption&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beautiful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:myself&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:draw&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brief&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:remove&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:believed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:river&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:football&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broke&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:just&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:item&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:let&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possession&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:combination&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:century&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yards&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:west&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:territory&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:birth&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:broad&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:cooperation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:comes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stock&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:adopted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dog&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:weeks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:employees&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:perhaps&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:neck&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anywhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:green&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:conservation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:date&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:minute&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:audience&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:proper&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:covered&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facility&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:share&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worker&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:things&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ground&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bit&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:state&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:meetings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:percent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:breach&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wanted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:advice&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:media&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:never&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:grateful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:modern&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:states&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:plate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:results&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attempts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:floor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:granted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:commitment&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:stage&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:track&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ourselves&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:awful&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bound&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:on&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:painting&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:defendant&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sudden&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wanted&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:work&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:regularly&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:buildings&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:occasions&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:hat&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:period&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afford&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sport&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:road&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:ran&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:have&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:partner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fell&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:want&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:modules&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:elsewhere&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:required&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rain&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:job&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:empire&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chapter&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:diet&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:types&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:profits&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:view&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:point&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:records&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:parish&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shares&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sister&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:difference&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:frequency&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rule&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:others&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:rarely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:violent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:data&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wood&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:mean&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:anger&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:turn&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wind&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:every&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:module&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:condition&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:programme&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:fear&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:departments&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:character&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:deputy&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:out&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:do&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:choose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:afraid&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:colour&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:spoke&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:communications&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:transfer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:asset&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:domestic&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:allowed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:landscape&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:enthusiasm&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:accurate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:store&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:examples&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sunday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:nose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:yesterday&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:called&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:investor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:past&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:consequences&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:none&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:chances&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:unfortunately&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:start&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:engineer&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:immediate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dozen&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:degree&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:people&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:provide&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:internal&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:short&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:following&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gently&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:shoulder&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:wore&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:channel&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:pure&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:public&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:debate&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:beginning&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sight&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:doctor&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:facts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:tasks&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:extremely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:opportunities&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:attitudes&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:size&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:apparent&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:possible&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:urban&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:losing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:am&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:brother&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:worst&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:assets&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:now&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:kinds&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soul&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:dinner&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:success&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:after&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:corporation&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:boys&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:path&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:bed&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:steps&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:is&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:puts&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:industries&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:least&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:readers&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:moved&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:amount&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:finally&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:sleep&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:merely&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:growing&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:soul&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:propose&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:lot&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:suggestion&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:aspect&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:list&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q={!parent which=type:parent}search_field:gives&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
