q=search_field:who&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:banks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:governments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:base&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaders&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ability&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:library&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:to&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:damage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:court&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:internal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centres&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exception&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:permission&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:examples&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spoken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:include&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reasons&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:charge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:candidates&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:big&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remarkable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dramatic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unless&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:depend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subject&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visitor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:question&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:justice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fingers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:act&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:simple&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:senior&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:longer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:liberal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occurs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:join&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subsequently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:include&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:definition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:might&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:come&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deep&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smooth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:listening&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:earth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taxes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ministry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:set&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:southern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:widespread&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:societies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:joined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:killed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:society&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waste&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:streets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:streets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:long&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:value&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:national&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:promote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:illness&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:valuable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sections&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sister&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dozen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:honest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:okay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:documents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:road&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recovery&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:politicians&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meeting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:asked&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nervous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:victims&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contemporary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mistake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:problem&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:companies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:books&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consumer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:transfer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:your&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:latest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:courses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:restaurant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bigger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parties&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:today&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criteria&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:explained&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:formed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:july&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scientific&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:having&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:argument&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:priority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:partnership&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:becoming&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:party&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reduced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:year&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:percent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:both&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quickly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:very&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coming&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apparently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:think&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:producing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:earlier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:field&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:depth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:joined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:express&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reason&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:essential&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:world&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:almost&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ladies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:jacket&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spending&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:emergency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:led&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:communication&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:upon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brothers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:return&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nervous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attempts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:writer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drawn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:specifically&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:february&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effort&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obvious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:and&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:does&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:restriction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colleague&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:near&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colleague&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crucial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:approach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:task&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:above&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shares&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:day&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reduction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elderly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pace&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:term&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rather&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:green&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:memory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deliberately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:officials&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:longterm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replied&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contains&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:called&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:herself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:customers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:solution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throughout&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ready&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:undertaken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:school&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sleep&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:solid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:draw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plants&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:establishment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prize&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:emotional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:living&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suddenly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:implementation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prevent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:starting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:second&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:legs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:note&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cancer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mostly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:western&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lunch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doubt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:district&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:environmental&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:farmers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:its&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:argue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:live&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:once&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weeks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sorry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:well&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reform&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:critical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arrived&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:practices&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:location&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grey&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:really&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sequence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:called&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:somewhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:traditional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:else&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:area&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:starts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ultimately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:media&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:days&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distinction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:engine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:been&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:circumstances&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:victims&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:line&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:division&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:empire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:blue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:include&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moral&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:events&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vital&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bottle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:system&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:play&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:understand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reputation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:having&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:temperature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:option&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:population&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:part&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:man&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:item&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:engine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:changed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:almost&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:examine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sometimes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:similarly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasionally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hands&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:depend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heavily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relevant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opportunities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:constant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cars&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:iron&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:down&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:baby&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sister&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accept&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:factory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ability&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cover&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:secondly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:functions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:photographs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:double&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fairly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:via&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:per&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:index&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:software&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:servants&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appeal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friendly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beneath&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sides&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggestion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:writing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eventually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:difficult&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:say&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:premise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:last&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scientist&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:levels&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seconds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:won&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:residents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:incident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:put&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:come&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:using&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:border&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eyes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:considerable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:impossible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:green&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:on&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:found&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:include&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attitudes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:humane&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:terrible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rail&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:free&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obviously&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:phase&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:come&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:if&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relevant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cash&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scope&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:about&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:none&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:procedures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:choice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bitt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rarely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:residents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:his&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:temperature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lunch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:restriction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:released&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:machine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:after&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:explained&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:study&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:introduce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sports&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elsewhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expensive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:for&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:example&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pale&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nineteenth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:medical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:permission&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:urbane&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exchange&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:liability&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:institute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:land&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:normally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:greatly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sequence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:raise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sleep&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:judgment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:was&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:given&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:must&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:liked&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:instead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:public&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:insurance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:literary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supposed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:built&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:judgment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:big&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:potential&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:revenue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:march&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wild&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:male&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:except&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:connection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:screen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:order&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:immediate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pilot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:got&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:representative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rail&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chances&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:popular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cost&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:who&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:could&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:realize&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:requires&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sweet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prisoners&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:homes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:socalled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:community&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ourselves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:original&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alongside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:promote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dispute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dogs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaders&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:response&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ability&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ground&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:computers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:under&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:football&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:judge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exciting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bathe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heads&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ideas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:liberal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:such&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pool&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:usually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:life&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ended&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conservation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proof&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:or&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:creating&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outcome&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:events&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:post&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:otherwise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mothers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:somehow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:communications&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:girl&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:style&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:over&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:when&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:troop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:black&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suppose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speech&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:upper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:architecture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:upper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:religious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:core&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eggs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recognise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:characters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reduce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:students&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interview&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:highly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experiment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:red&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:per&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucky&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:funny&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paintings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:share&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:who&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:route&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:environment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:region&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:institute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pick&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strong&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:command&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:write&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:services&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:furthermore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:film&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:least&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minister&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:share&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:operations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contained&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:constitutional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:branches&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:go&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colleague&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fund&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:after&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:product&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:human&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:animal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reports&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:care&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ancient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:particular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:raise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wife&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:once&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stomach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:department&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comfortable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:upper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:owner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:restrictions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wife&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proportion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wants&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:call&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seemed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:length&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corporate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:human&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:circumstances&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:understand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:born&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:traditional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:temperature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:poverty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thursday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:earlier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organisation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:key&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:notes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appointment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:additional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discovery&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:decision&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:office&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:protect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:less&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:servant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:angry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:excite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criticism&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:representation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:halve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:son&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:end&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inquiry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aspects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:process&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:force&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspapers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:childhood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:intervention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anywhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:december&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:institutions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minutes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:decided&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:street&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:therefore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thereby&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:common&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:measure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sport&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:published&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:truth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:development&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spoken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tomorrow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:machines&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lord&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shareholders&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:independence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:his&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:existence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mixture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:his&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interpretation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:becomes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:percent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soil&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggestion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:considerable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:symptom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subsequent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:furthermore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:could&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:charity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:society&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:players&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:county&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exactly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:error&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:port&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resolution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:designed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:importance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:big&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:marriage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:solution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:human&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:valuable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conclusion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:capable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:protection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pieces&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:have&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:streets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:activity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:factory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proceedings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:impossible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:refer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:solicitor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:competitive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:constitution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wished&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fighting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:images&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:play&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finished&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unknown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:objective&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:etc&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:creating&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:urban&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:video&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:string&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:papers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consumption&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:battle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appeal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thick&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:living&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:world&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:file&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:failure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organizations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expressed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:added&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:by&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:region&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paint&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:computers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:constitution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wonderful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possibility&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:safety&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:campaign&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:phrase&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:christian&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chosen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:roles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:why&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lords&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:why&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:absolutely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crime&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:painting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:above&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:issued&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:joined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scheme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:judgment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doubt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ahead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:who&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:receive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:client&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friendly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sites&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:he&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:choice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:principles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:truly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:april&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:previous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entirely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experiences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:those&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tasks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:management&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fundamental&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:falling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:however&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:busy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:revenue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:steps&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suddenly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quality&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:on&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:those&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:implementation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finished&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:right&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:payment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:student&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:milk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:western&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:same&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extreme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:liked&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mark&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cope&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hands&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trouble&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:patients&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rapidly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centres&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entitled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:small&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:staff&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:historical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mentioned&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspapers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anybody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happening&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:side&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:threw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mouth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:means&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conclusion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:we&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:breakfast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:degree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:additional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:politicians&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sum&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strategies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advantages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:via&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:class&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:societies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:out&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:departments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assumption&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:only&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:message&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:previous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centre&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:construction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:housing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perhaps&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:secondary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:normal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:competitive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:childhood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:things&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:independence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relationship&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entirely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:route&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:snow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:variation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:different&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:require&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obviously&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:writer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:temperature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ago&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prince&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stare&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:passed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:played&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:simple&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:produced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:these&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:test&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:milk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mouth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:require&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:described&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:country&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:compared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:marry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:darkness&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:old&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:existing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:priority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:battle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manager&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:because&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:population&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:personality&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:item&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:away&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:making&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:author&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:civil&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gardens&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:july&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:silence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remaining&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pattern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:efficient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:amount&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offices&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:communications&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:big&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:room&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:profits&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:also&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forward&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:energy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:palea&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:totally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rural&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:letters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attitude&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wife&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thinks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reason&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:see&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replaced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knife&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:patterns&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:injury&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:blacken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:initial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:threat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:here&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:achieve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:words&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consideration&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dispute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:watched&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:married&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:student&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:blood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:naturally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:make&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:writing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dang&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:threat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drama&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rules&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carrying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theatre&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:television&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lower&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:well&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bottle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:student&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:i&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fresh&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stones&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discussed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:official&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assessment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:name&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:played&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smiled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wednesday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:command&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clean&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:options&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:does&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cultural&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:division&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:among&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:research&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eyes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:he&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:husband&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:construction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:catch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:their&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:countryside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:content&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:central&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:route&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provisions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deaf&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:force&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:divided&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:none&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expert&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:full&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lovely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:options&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:younger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:independence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:section&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:floor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:procedures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resistance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relating&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accommodation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fashion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accounts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parliamentary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:management&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:college&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:situation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:basic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finished&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:when&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exhibition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:operations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loans&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clause&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucky&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discussed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:oil&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sites&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:challenge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:streets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minutes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:though&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:century&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taxes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:few&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:steps&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:putting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boss&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drawn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:location&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:annual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:premises&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:percent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:operation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arrive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occur&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boys&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:maintenance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teaching&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:course&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:achieve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:signal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:read&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:youth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obviously&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:daily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:excellent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:groups&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:environment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:federal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trade&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:where&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:darkness&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:master&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:own&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:issued&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nobody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prospect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:climate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:democratic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moral&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:families&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advanced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:explanation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contemporary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bottle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distinct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:search&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lots&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:magazine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:made&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:initiative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resistance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pressure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:efficiency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subsequent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:input&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:northern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:most&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:floor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cheap&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:married&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trade&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucky&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:damage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regulations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:situation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effectively&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:passing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facility&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:center&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:firms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lie&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:signs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:height&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:delivery&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colleagues&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mostly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:competitive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seem&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strong&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspapers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thursday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technology&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:data&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:has&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:details&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:currently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heads&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pleasant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:activity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:events&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:includes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:claims&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:annual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:council&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:single&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:legs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:months&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:now&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:metres&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drug&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:even&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sir&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whatever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:playing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surprise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:produced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:at&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:joint&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:greatest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:as&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:congress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:abuse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alternative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:something&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:letters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dependent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forgotten&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:store&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chances&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keep&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scientist&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:murder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:listening&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:presented&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:educational&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:poll&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:global&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:asking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consider&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:democracy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:directly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aircraft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:isolated&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:christmas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:notes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:red&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:disabled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nothing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:august&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:despite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:column&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guitar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:critical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:see&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:honest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yesterday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:importance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saturday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pretty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:firmly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wanted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:presumably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggestion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:initial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flower&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:image&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advantage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lack&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:little&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strategic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crime&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:glass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provides&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dressed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:religion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:works&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:turn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tools&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statistic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:government&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:does&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:large&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opened&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anyone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:years&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seeking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:letter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:raised&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:satisfaction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:competition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seemed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:farther&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trip&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manager&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consequences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:electric&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:its&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:publish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gun&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:respectively&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sentences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commercial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reduce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subject&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mistake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:after&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:game&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:village&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:higher&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:players&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:news&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:circumstances&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:naturally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forget&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aye&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:growing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:site&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knife&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:biggest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:against&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:largely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fighting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exception&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:types&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elderly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afternoon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:importance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plaintiff&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mean&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weekend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:won&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:position&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:using&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:when&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:normal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apparently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entrance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attempts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:check&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feelings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quiet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:managed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:felt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entirely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elections&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:jacket&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:furniture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sentence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:edge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:our&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:following&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mistake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dark&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:detailed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dispute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:variety&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:variety&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mental&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:noise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:although&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provides&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:custom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:man&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:address&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:degrees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:by&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:structure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:formal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:were&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sudden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:memory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfectly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lots&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:staff&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:estate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industrial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:justice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lips&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:area&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:further&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:concern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:get&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weapons&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sufficient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discussion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:himself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:truth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:decide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:before&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extensive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:channel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:captain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:process&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:head&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:along&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:added&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relatively&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:band&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:at&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:identity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:straight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:critical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:efforts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:output&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keeping&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sugar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bits&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:religious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appoint&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:incident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:efficiency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cases&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doubt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:railroad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:and&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weapons&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unknown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:silent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pleasant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:producing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knew&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ideas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:northern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:emphasis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:take&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:step&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:towns&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:like&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whole&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:direct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sky&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:presumably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:now&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:daughter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:issues&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:examination&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:around&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:signs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fewer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfectly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:onto&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:somebody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neighbour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wave&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:darkness&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:air&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:identify&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prison&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:does&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:premises&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:upon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throughout&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:procedure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:briefly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:factory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:face&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:the&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:december&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:over&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:component&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:greater&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:naturally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:duties&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:represented&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:your&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:writing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:felt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:article&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:constant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reader&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:processes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:read&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cut&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meaning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ideas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:communication&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:himself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:payment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rather&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beneath&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:almost&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proportion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advanced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:intelligence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:villages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:works&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saturday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mechanism&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:courts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entrance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:influence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:being&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:never&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sign&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:continued&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:the&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:office&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prepared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:songs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:playing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conventional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:committee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expectations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:these&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:branches&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mistake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:greatest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:west&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:specie&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aware&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:art&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appointment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:correct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:structure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:humane&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eggs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possession&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flowers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:create&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paintings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:views&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thinking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:black&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cheap&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mothers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:listening&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:independent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:caught&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:category&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:care&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coming&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seemed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:turned&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:despite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:threw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anything&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:familiar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elections&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:social&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:so&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lords&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soul&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:principles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:life&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:famous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:significant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:later&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:differences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:themselves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:properties&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enthusiasm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:southern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:light&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:demand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stairs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:biggest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manager&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:giving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:season&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pale&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cars&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:profits&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasionally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pollution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obtained&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treatment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:its&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:towards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:face&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:approach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:committees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:research&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:car&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:machines&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:around&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:job&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:horse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:association&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ground&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:estate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:duty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consequence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:precisely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:going&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:true&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:revenue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rates&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interesting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:towards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ball&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:code&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:award&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anywhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:developments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:follow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tradition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:focus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supporter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weather&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:board&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prime&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:follow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possession&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conduct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:james&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:analysis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possession&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:peace&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:among&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carefully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:museum&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:golden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:served&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:team&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:place&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inevitable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:use&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:often&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:disaster&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:raise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confusion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remarkable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:station&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:developments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:private&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:players&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:this&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:base&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:passage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:participation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provisions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:than&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:altogether&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:representative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:changing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weapons&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:release&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:secretary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thinking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:board&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bloody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quarter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:does&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:council&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:document&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:get&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:youth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saturday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:membership&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:could&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whatever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hoping&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:telephone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dogs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:include&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:end&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:voluntary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:march&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:did&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:degree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:made&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:telephone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organisations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:originally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:am&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heads&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:normally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:estate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ultimately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:especially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:among&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:types&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:currency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:here&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opportunity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:methods&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:miles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:schools&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:impressive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:which&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anybody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dream&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wave&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leisure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:naturally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exhibition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:acceptable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:receive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:introduction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ideal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:garden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:each&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:everywhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bread&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:practical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:instruction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:former&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:maybe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:automatically&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:currently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knife&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:granted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:little&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neck&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:divided&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:house&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:disable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:item&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:must&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:states&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:row&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:greater&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ahead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:youth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:final&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggested&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:literature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investigation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unlike&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:powers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organizations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:female&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:part&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:products&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:document&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:here&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:base&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:introduce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recovery&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:characters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defendant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:customer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:journey&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:essentially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:income&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:temperature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:female&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:concern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:step&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:officers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:study&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:caught&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:its&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:them&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:today&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:republic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:old&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:badly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:instructions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cover&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:for&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employ&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:position&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wished&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:survival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sexual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sale&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:return&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:light&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:laugh&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:christmas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allowed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:study&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cope&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:covered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lips&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:route&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smiled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exception&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friendly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nevertheless&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:official&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sides&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:firm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:go&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kitchen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:determined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:session&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:construction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:half&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:control&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heavy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meaning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moral&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sudden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:analysis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:space&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proportion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dinner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ensure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:winter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prices&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:species&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guitar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:county&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:into&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strike&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wife&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pupils&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:glad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:far&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:step&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:continued&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stayed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:murder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afterward&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:events&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:breakfast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reduction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resources&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:admit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attitudes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:growing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:judge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contrast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skin&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:which&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:passing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meanwhile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:head&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stairs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:secretary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:choice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afternoon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:structures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:workers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:however&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:golf&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:basic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:building&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:truly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organisation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sex&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:where&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:material&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soul&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:along&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:added&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:package&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sexual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wider&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:after&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consistent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:briefly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:branch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:readily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:freedom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:son&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:years&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:peace&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:numb&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:otherwise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:raised&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:almost&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:voluntary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spoke&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:not&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:house&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:applications&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:isolate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:simply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:growth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:themselves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:benefits&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucky&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:charges&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dressed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:female&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taxes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:murder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:audience&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plaintiff&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:domestic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comparison&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:november&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:religion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sites&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:up&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:patient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:late&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:closely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:various&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anywhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:valuable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:funny&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consequences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:followed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:looks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:panel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tasks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:raise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strong&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:murder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:problems&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:great&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:explanation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:will&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:numbers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ideas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:earnings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sister&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:projects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contained&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:himself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:therefore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:media&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:credit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expansion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:single&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nothing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effectively&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:health&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sitting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:abuse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:needed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:law&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:east&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:party&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smaller&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:terms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extremely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:came&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:modules&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afterwards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:practice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:literature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:becomes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relationships&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:military&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goods&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adopted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:laugh&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:landscape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:might&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afford&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:requirements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:up&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:northern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:move&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:officials&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cultural&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smiled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:owner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consequence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:legal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coming&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:change&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:money&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sort&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:awful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saturday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:helped&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:framework&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:must&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parties&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:difficulty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wave&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:audience&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:breath&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soul&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:under&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:engine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:greatest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opposition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elderly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:older&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:permission&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cut&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:changed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strategies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:security&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drink&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:containing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investigation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ball&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hope&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:developments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:described&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:photograph&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tables&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:next&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pieces&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:budget&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:situations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ancient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:including&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:one&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walls&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discuss&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:overall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whole&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:establish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:putting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:complete&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:are&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:puts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:become&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:continued&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:directors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:admit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:principle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beautiful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:working&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:houses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:range&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:word&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leadership&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:force&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wild&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:andy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:disease&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:daily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:culture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:foot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clearly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:authority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nevertheless&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:losses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:it&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hands&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:package&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:became&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:compared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dominant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:maybe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:standards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arrangement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:residents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bottle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:images&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:part&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:democratic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pension&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pupil&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:large&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:balance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:release&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brother&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:needed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hotel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:field&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:via&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:session&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unique&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:terrible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasionally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mostly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:popular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reading&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:take&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:firm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clients&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:high&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:price&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:path&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:january&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:such&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:legal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scope&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:issues&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:requires&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:represent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apparently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:you&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dark&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regime&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:god&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resources&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conversation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:army&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dependent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:book&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:actual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reduced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:population&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:man&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:some&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:encourage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:permanent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comfortable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:imagine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mixture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:due&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meaning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cover&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:river&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:operation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:following&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corporate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:purchase&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:into&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:groups&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:little&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:release&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centuries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:studies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ideal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:realize&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drew&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:courts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hole&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:asking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:education&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:processes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:must&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:height&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:virtually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:liberal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:record&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:territory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:properties&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:i&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:referred&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extra&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contracts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:company&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:only&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:modules&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:over&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:claims&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:credit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:otherwise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:congress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discussion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knowledge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:capital&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:railroad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:home&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meaning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sufficient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:formal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:granted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conversation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:imagine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:animal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:participation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:input&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ran&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:data&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:establishment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:copies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hole&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assembly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:so&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:working&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:restrictions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entirely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clearly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:every&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strategic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replied&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:poor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:test&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:develop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cultural&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:constitutional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:community&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:received&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recorded&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affairs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scientists&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:power&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:play&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:region&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:efforts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pounds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:games&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:maybe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:useful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:here&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fighting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:getting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:full&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mistake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspapers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:merely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:limit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exercise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:estate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lie&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:churches&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:step&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experiment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:three&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:even&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shareholders&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:model&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:above&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:function&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gave&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ruth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:look&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:economics&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chairman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moral&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:separate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minutes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:impression&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:face&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:women&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cost&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yours&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:project&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surprising&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:partners&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:article&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remarkable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:particularly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sides&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proposal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:requires&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:law&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yourself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aspect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hoping&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:administration&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:troops&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sources&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pupils&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forgotten&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prisoner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:self&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:problem&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:passing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:direct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:everywhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:me&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:access&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:once&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:straight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hoping&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:department&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:image&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:differences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conditions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:influence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:campaign&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stopped&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:today&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:each&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appoint&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:delivery&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:length&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resolution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heads&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plane&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inflation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lunch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subsequently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lovely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affected&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enjoyed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:football&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heads&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assistance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:management&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:battle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:range&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:included&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:workers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:increasingly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:their&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:abuse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broke&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:iron&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:normal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasionally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:liability&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:overall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:school&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:use&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:operation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:queen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outstand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:violent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experience&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eggs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasionally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advertising&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:february&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criterion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mistake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:partner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:encourage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:united&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:queen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:current&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bills&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:materials&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:takes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:case&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:real&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:like&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:local&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mirror&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:useful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mainly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:good&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:style&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:against&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:really&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minutes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ball&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gradually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:somewhat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:letters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:king&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comparison&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expression&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:national&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extreme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sir&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:next&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:card&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:threat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:band&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:function&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:been&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:magazine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:us&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feels&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proposal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:understood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:by&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:create&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:politician&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quietly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:truly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parliament&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affairs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:federal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:choose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:response&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:national&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proportion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:your&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:critics&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:having&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:giving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:responsibilities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mirror&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:examples&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mainly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:jacket&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:school&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:useful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:market&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:officers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:satisfaction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stopped&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:studio&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vital&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:customers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:division&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:method&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:workers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waited&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:available&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criterion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mentioned&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conflict&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:they&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pressures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:so&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:constantly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:play&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:voice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crime&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:along&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:secretary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recognize&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:degree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:idea&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:july&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:computers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heads&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:somehow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assessment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parliamentary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dave&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:household&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:met&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accepted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equipment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:type&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:train&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:asked&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advantages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:breach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:limit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:photograph&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:job&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:storage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:departments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:output&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:definitely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:variety&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:month&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discussion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:been&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neck&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:and&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfectly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:claims&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mode&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:some&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:via&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reader&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remember&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allowed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aye&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:history&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lived&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discussed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:covered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flower&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:massive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:odd&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:historical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:undertaken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organizations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lords&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:committee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sort&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:original&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:represented&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discuss&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sorts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opportunity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colleagues&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:earlier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:streets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:groups&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:negotiations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:everywhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stomach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:force&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coffee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:link&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ways&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sorts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:first&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:larger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pale&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:undertake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apparently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:played&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:functions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lived&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:following&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:caused&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:day&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taxes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kitchen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:processes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assembly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goals&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:over&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bird&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:told&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:steps&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:principal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:old&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parliament&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:temporary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:species&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:first&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:immediate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:award&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:explanation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:view&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:include&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:christmas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:frequently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:majority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deaf&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ideal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eye&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:concerned&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:court&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:empty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:example&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:compare&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:busy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:module&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lived&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:considered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reasonable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:animals&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possibility&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:modern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:access&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:majority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suddenly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:containing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stupid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:developments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:know&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proof&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:university&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effective&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mental&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moderne&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:letter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:political&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proposal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expectation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opened&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:christmas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strongly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:total&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:electric&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:infection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:variation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:standard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:summer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treatment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mountain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sufficient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:giving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:currency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:compare&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sources&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:track&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:words&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:winter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:often&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:people&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:said&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:probably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:intervention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:working&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:analysis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:despite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corporate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shareholder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:police&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guidance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:papers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affairs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enterprise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:without&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:motor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chief&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nuclear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:propose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:managed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:including&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:achieve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proud&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tradition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:armed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:complete&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forward&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:starting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:troops&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:not&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:restrictions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wider&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:source&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sun&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:water&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quickly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thinking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:software&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:permanent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:audience&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:his&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:examples&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taxes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:telling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pattern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:however&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:functions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:test&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:variety&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regarded&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:target&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:safety&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:know&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:actual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wooden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:have&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:band&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:able&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:workers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:follow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leadership&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:violent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beauty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stomach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reaction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reasons&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:further&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feels&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:odd&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:precisely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moreover&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:once&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:countryside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:region&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:term&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:protect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:council&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:length&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dave&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:though&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lifespan&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:company&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:objective&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:produce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:question&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sections&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:physical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sample&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:but&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reasonable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:help&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:output&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:in&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:progress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:concept&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfectly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wooden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thinking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weapon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:properly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waste&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sample&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:length&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:determined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:customer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:century&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:volume&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:future&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:symptoms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relatives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ready&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:media&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:they&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:progress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criteria&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:longterm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stuff&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chances&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dramatic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:south&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fields&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rooms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:savings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:danger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:potential&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lords&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:etc&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:villages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:valley&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:transport&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trust&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:narrow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:watched&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:text&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unusual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:until&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:second&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:this&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:control&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pension&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:benefit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:awareness&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reading&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:western&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:committee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:abuse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boys&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:glad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:promote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:undertake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prime&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:complete&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appearance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:century&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:somehow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cells&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sensitive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:law&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:residents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:even&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:there&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stairs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:farm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:similar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strategies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sort&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cases&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:something&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:citizen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:control&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:educational&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:basic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deep&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conventional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:only&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:week&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:western&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:course&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:movement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:field&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regulations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obtain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experiences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:source&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:temporary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:product&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strategic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:writing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appointed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:infection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eggs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:photograph&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dealing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attack&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affected&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strategy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alliance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:capable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affected&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:awful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:miles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:functions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:working&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wedding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prices&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doctor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:did&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mainly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:standards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:end&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tried&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:becomes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:follows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:panel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:initial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:makes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:light&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:out&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chemical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:include&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:james&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:table&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anything&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wearing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:race&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:silence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nineteenth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:failure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yourself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:union&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rates&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:must&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interested&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:understand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speech&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:child&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occur&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:well&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:percent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allowed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:standard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:art&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reform&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:promotion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:based&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:look&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:narrow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bits&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relating&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:things&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wealth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nod&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:phrase&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:photographs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:movements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:murder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:look&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crucial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:youth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:known&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:version&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:percent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:everything&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:membership&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drew&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extensive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prevent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:power&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:variation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfectly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:voluntary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carefully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nuclear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:race&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:for&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:develop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sources&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strong&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:key&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:increasing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:station&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:percent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:acid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knowing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:considerably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expansion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfectly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:error&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conscious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:making&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:detail&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:many&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:utile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:different&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meetings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:state&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kingdom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:essentially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sea&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:master&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:engineering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:would&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:battle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scheme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beyond&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recognition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:community&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoulders&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:represent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beneath&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sea&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:running&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:completely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:responsible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:signs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:back&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:build&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:closely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reasonably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extremely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spending&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:considerably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:words&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:traditional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:required&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:produce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proportion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teacher&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:number&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:everything&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whilst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enemy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effectively&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:one&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:began&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:primarily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:balance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sheet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:winner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:setting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:document&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rapidly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dominant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:won&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:media&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:client&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statutory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:situations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mental&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:female&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meaning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afterwards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:uses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:charge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:among&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:efficiency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parliamentary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:substantial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sorts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:common&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:andy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:abuse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:roads&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:atmosphere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seats&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hope&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:caused&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grey&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ability&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:architecture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:market&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:maintenance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:procedures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:videotape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elections&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seriously&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:time&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:upon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arrangements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:asset&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:younger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:story&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:video&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:imagine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:late&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:open&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:else&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spokesman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ago&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rocks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sentences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mental&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conflict&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opposition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:define&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:everyone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:electricity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:monetary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:others&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:element&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:papers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buildings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feels&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:both&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:payments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stupid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technique&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grateful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:review&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:committee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:introduced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:standard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:armed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enormous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:editor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agencies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:immediately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:personality&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wedding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:imagination&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:despite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:providing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nearly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:report&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:looking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:judge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:liberal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:until&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:why&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cars&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kitchen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:placed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clause&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:one&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:personality&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attractive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:secondly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:urban&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dream&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technique&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expensive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:today&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speaking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deaf&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:changing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:herself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:desk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:approach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:characteristic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forgotten&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:videotaped&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chapter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:principles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:electronic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:film&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:desk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:utile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:schools&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:political&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anyone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:class&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:makes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:passed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggested&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conclusion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aware&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:machine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:absence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seconds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:machines&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rich&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stomach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whether&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unless&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enjoy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:film&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:few&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parliament&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:james&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:captain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:components&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ancient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:core&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dirty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:had&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:himself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:legs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:telling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:restriction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:labor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replace&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elections&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:intend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:college&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vision&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evaluation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:death&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:force&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:choose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:powerful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:job&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:factory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:function&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attractive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:massive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:i&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:games&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:limited&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:roman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prison&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distinction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aircraft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:review&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cooperation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aged&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:credit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nurse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:middle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defendant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:levels&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strongly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:readers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:done&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alcohol&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:holy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:east&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:standard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:applies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mark&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:population&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:roman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subject&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accounts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:requirements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:should&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:by&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:widely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:write&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:all&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:write&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:video&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organisation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:science&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:instruction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:homes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reached&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centres&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:would&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prison&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:academic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prisoner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:society&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:river&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:purposes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:medium&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoulders&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:solid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:date&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:again&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:modern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outstanding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:date&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dealing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:running&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:actual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:themselves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ship&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:before&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:learning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supporters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expressed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happens&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:class&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forward&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:journey&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:signal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assessment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:language&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:size&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:partnership&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:promote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expression&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:complex&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:temperature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:understood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sharp&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:content&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:placed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advertising&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reading&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clearly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:differences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:looking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:positive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:economic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:once&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:numerous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unless&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:build&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effective&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:royal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:order&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seek&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speaking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:focus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opinion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:access&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teaching&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spoken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:champion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:my&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opinion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rail&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:field&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:date&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:come&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smaller&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:laugh&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:week&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:basic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wants&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sons&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supporters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:options&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:placed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:short&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:properly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:politics&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:change&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:traffic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:famous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:union&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:survival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:category&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flower&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:important&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:works&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:figure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:approximately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:understand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guidance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reality&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:points&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:not&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alliance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:event&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:phone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:international&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:presumably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sudden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:somebody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:later&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spokesman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:farmer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:press&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:given&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:area&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:council&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whereas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:played&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:white&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:file&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:headquarters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:edge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employ&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:music&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resolution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:address&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:economic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:panel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasionally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:purposes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:products&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:version&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:much&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:created&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ministry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:isolate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:son&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involvement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:issues&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feeling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasionally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:funds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seems&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:i&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grey&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:introduction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:awareness&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:festival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspaper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:services&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sensitive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:problem&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:household&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:established&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:competition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neighbour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoulder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:concern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appointed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aspects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:without&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:language&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mean&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:protection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:giving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:patients&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cultural&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:announced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technology&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:videotaped&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:them&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:office&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:similar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:halve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:core&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organisation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tendency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:other&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:they&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exists&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weather&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:debt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:factory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colleagues&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shook&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:purchase&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:modern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:circumstance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:period&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:without&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assessment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:father&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sorts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:green&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:candidates&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strategic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:point&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:isolate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:story&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:we&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evening&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasionally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:servant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:day&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:society&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:choose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opened&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:try&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enterprise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:when&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thanks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:box&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:target&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:providing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:example&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:critical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:engineer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gap&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:educational&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:under&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:latest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opinion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:products&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:belief&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:client&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:they&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:convention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:address&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:operations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:driver&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colleagues&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:churches&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:type&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exciting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:degree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:east&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:no&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suddenly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deputy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sister&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:low&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:domestic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:middle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supporter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:processes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:now&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:directly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:most&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:origin&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:times&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:miles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adequate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:abuse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:came&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:workers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:estate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sequence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bottom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fields&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:directors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gap&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:simply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:impression&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:containing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:like&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:out&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:models&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:windows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:formed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:living&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:railroad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:simply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:places&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crucial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interview&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:insurance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:press&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recorded&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:face&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:said&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:video&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:changes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:international&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:indeed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bathe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prisoner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:claims&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:away&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:maintain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:within&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bread&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:returned&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:functions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:argued&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conscious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tea&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:war&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:desk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kingdom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visitor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:papers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:last&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:put&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:idea&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:instructions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:across&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:face&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:means&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:common&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confusion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:available&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remember&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hotel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:collection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:idea&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:line&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:acting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:born&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:altogether&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afraid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:per&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:die&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surprise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:states&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sentences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reform&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:continue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speech&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:figure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:makes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:him&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:college&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:policy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:simply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:analyse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:majority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stories&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:representative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:copies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ensure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:damage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rang&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:frequently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:breach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:release&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mode&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:section&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:picture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:languages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:placed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drugs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:liability&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grateful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:champion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:domestic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:committee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:move&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:telling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chosen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:constant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:items&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:diet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:day&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:levels&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mark&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:source&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:line&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:master&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:higher&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:milk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tradition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exception&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:read&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:market&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spokesman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whole&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:say&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:returned&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cooperation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:losses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experience&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:development&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opinion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:james&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:head&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:creation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alongside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strange&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:historical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reaction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prices&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:members&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:copy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cooperation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:driven&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:implications&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:establishment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:empire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:small&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:be&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:details&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reports&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:telephone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:that&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:via&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:which&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:answer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:care&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unlikely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sequence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aim&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defendant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:presented&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:academic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gradually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scheme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:literature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recorded&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:function&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:street&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:model&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:examples&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:however&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:view&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:acting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subject&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:climate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:notes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:true&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pleasure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friendly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:businesses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:initially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scheme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:servants&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supposed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:analyse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sugar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:instead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:limit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sharp&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:week&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:motion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sorry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:schools&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recognise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:my&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:request&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:annual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:media&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:force&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:firmly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:field&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anything&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teeth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:students&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organizations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:biggest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:undertake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:package&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wrong&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:impossible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sudden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:league&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soul&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:practices&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sexual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:usual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:practical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:significantly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prison&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nurse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:highest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:built&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scientific&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:summer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forward&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:management&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visitor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:successful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:address&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:management&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:election&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mentioned&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:procedure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:republic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:laboratory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:process&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:victim&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deep&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replied&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quarter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:huge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:again&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:electricity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:movement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mental&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recognition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:usually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nearly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nevertheless&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:as&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:changing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soldiers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heavily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:intend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attractive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:analyse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reputation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:analyse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expensive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buildings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:signs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supporters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dogs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vital&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:career&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loans&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:editor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:societies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:retirement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chapter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adequate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:input&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:player&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:photographs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eye&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:find&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:list&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:terms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hardly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:urbane&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:therefore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:watch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tuesday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:maintain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:competition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cause&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:edge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:everything&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:somebody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regarded&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:approval&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:money&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:their&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:date&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:empire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:command&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:general&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neck&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knife&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:actual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reasonably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conscious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:providing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:girls&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:homes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:value&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sweet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:angry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:divide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:free&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:received&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:certain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:landscape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shortly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:more&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:while&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:database&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unemployment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:request&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:councils&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:museum&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:back&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opinion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sample&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:acid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inevitable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:influence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:north&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:monday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:detail&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:architecture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aim&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:materials&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:temperature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:energy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ended&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provision&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pick&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neighbour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:covered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:content&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adult&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:established&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:papers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:covering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:depth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:totally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:job&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gardens&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:animal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bottle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teacher&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:column&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reference&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soul&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:information&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:other&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:highest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:times&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:different&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distinct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scheme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:initial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:being&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:communities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occurs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:our&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:view&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:careful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:responsible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:presence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reform&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extremely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:package&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heavy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:developed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:poor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:humane&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keep&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:losses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:called&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:described&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sorts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:essentially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:belief&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extreme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:release&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:books&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:watch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surprising&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reasonably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teams&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comparison&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:simply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:especially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:figures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:march&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:create&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:you&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:end&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:while&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plans&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:touch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:activity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:identify&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reputation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:periods&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wedding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fairly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:understood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfectly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:begin&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:football&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relating&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:milk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:requirements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:survival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:club&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:now&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:objective&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:permission&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:least&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:okay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:follow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:september&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:software&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:origin&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:terrible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:week&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:then&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:urban&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:what&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:played&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seems&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:writer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:authority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:economics&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:full&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:acting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wished&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:january&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enormous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:floor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:independence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:preparation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:argument&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:restriction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:funny&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:himself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:takes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thinks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exercise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:companies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stairs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pace&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:food&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:introduced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ahead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relating&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:united&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reform&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obvious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appeal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:faith&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:situations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:volume&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:am&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quick&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proposed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:over&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:administration&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:party&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:won&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perhaps&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enemy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visitors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anyone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:historical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shareholder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pollution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:common&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facilities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:empty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:active&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:done&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:potential&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ourselves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:having&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:upon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:through&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:once&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:start&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consideration&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:propose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:actually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:letter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:each&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subsequently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:formal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:error&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:personal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sports&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plan&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soldier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:structure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:by&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:demands&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:councils&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:killed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drugs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:director&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spending&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:period&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:video&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:route&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:associated&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unless&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:point&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:east&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:description&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:creating&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bodies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apparently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:control&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:railway&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entirely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:event&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taste&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:laughed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:material&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:granted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extension&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:son&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spoken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:describe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boys&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:owners&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cost&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:family&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:films&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:incident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mother&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:its&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clients&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:key&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:painting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cup&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theatre&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:list&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:compensation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:showed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:positions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:father&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:room&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fault&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:made&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:growing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pretty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:requires&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:refer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:practical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:internal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strongly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keep&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pupils&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:letter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:showing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:touch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:groups&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:curriculum&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:family&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bridge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eggs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:you&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:traditional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:document&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dramatic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mode&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:along&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:festival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unusual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:very&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aged&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:particularly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corporate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:revenue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:save&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:income&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:united&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:near&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taxes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:medical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:per&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:junior&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surprised&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adopted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:read&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:character&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:losing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recognise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:changing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:railroad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:become&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:popular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sleep&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:increasing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:academic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:included&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:who&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:states&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effort&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contrast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:night&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:december&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:part&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bottle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:her&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:write&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:code&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:results&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adequate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:approach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:granted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reported&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:serve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:structures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:christian&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:foundation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neck&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sea&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:response&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:that&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:is&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:amount&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:types&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:earnings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effort&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:than&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:true&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:due&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:this&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ladies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hotel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obtained&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:year&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resource&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minutes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:previous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:murder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strategic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:including&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:morning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:familiar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:longer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organisations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:amongst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:otherwise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:band&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:find&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:after&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proposals&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wonder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neck&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dispute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:out&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deliberately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:up&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remaining&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coming&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slightly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opinion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rail&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:societies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:behind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:designed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contributions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:number&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:committed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lie&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:negative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consumption&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mainly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:media&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corp&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:after&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:places&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:executive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:established&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:begun&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:training&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expected&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:excellent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:day&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worker&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rang&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:congress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:principle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:season&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friendly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:please&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scale&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remember&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:detail&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:letters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flowers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:snow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:him&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:winner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:performance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:giving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:returned&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:types&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:planning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pupils&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sir&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:died&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:revenue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:very&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happening&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:immediately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:delivery&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:software&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:village&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:master&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:performance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:justice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:everywhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evaluation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:infection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:create&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:test&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:greater&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:then&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:increased&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:estate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:separate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:acceptable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:library&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pressure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boss&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:require&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:films&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accounts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:creation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heart&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nobody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wrong&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:naturally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nurse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theories&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:looks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lower&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:new&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:big&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:granted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:here&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:passed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:force&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rural&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:environmental&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sweet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:standard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:numerous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prize&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advertise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:december&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspapers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:camp&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:members&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organisation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consistent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bathe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:glad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:firm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neck&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:markets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:professor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:background&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waste&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ball&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:duty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:been&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:account&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:queen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:impact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:special&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enjoy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:range&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opened&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:amongst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:creation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:country&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recognise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:example&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provision&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recognition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:festival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:independent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:look&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aspects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saturday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:engineering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:by&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exception&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cut&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sensitive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:safe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attempt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coffee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eyes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:window&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:complete&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teams&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:over&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:payments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cope&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:becomes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:above&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:port&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crisis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:papers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thinking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:frequency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accommodation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stare&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:legal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boss&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:answers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ministry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effectively&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:these&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspapers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deaf&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:publish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:again&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:articles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bread&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:population&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:watched&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:film&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confusion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:armed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vehicle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reform&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obvious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accounts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happens&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:concerning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:terms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commission&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:farm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:key&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:document&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sir&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clean&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subjects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:added&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:since&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:education&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:depend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:picture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:temporary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accepted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:watch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:me&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dealing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parliamentary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:emotional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:many&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:via&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opinion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dangerous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:want&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:movement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friendly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:languages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:so&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:out&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:row&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minister&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relief&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afford&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:successfully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:free&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quality&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bodies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:towns&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:movement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opened&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:third&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:creation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:participation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flowers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoulder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:desk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brothers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:abuse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:try&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:found&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:streets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:telephone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:machines&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:help&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attack&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assessment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:left&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spending&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moral&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whenever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pilot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subjects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:honest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:false&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:notes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contribution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:maybe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:band&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lost&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guidance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strongly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:right&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:language&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:all&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relating&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:states&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pulled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:truth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wanted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suddenly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:part&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:behaviour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:single&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:great&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:popular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carefully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:largest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discuss&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remember&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:volume&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:christian&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ownership&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:officers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anyone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:providing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:laws&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mistake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whatever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:objects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:transfer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:global&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:through&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:indeed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspapers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:impressive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reduction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:notes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:people&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:administration&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:administration&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wondered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:disaster&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contributions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:songs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:know&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clothes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:university&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goals&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opportunity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:badly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plenty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:partners&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:page&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dang&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:caused&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fields&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:psychological&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:understanding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investigation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soldier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nevertheless&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:merely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:traffic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visitor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:existence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:international&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:performance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:full&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:violence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:used&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:practice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corporation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:valuable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:social&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:state&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consequences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:potential&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stories&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:largely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:helpful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:service&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:threat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statistic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:independence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:county&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reduction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sign&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:techniques&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:divide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proceed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:producing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:age&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:containing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:youth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:purpose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:foreign&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weapons&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ministers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:however&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:immediate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:frequently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heart&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tax&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:became&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:document&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:research&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thursday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:said&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:largely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coming&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:else&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:both&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:acting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yeah&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:furthermore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:literature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seemed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:somewhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:debt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carrying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ahead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:members&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:last&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:group&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rarely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:range&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:currently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:must&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:continue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:next&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:huge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:telling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:telling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:programmes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:solution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:faith&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:immediate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:very&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accept&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wearing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:killed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:create&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:same&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parties&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skin&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carrying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:videotape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:noise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:both&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:delivery&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:below&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:depth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:catch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:january&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:definitely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weak&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:educational&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:later&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:especially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:championship&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:valley&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:school&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:normally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:precise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:several&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:correct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:announced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:son&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:night&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:act&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:writing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lack&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dangerous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:despite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trouble&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lovely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:huge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:normal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:profession&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:establish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:giving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:picture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:currently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corporation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:movements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plenty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provides&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extremely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:questions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:great&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involvement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:politics&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:charge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:referred&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lots&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:workers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exception&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smooth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regularly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:associate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:communications&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aspects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:master&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:want&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:camp&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:requirement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chief&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:needs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:draw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rates&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:available&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recovery&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:figure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:to&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carried&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:certainly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:generally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:looked&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:question&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recognise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:them&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:changed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sector&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:workers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:april&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enjoy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conditions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:judge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:previous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interpretation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heads&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parliament&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:late&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:join&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:march&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sugar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:county&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sharp&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:follow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cash&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discuss&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apparent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:market&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:caught&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thursday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:few&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expressed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supporters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:result&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assessment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:serious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:authorities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thanks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:officer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:of&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:animal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:started&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sum&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:issued&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expansion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:get&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:round&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mouth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grey&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:east&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expert&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weeks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agriculture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strong&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:importance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:names&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:valuable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:currently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commercial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seeking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:already&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:junior&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sheet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:writers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drugs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:signed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mechanism&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pulled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:genuine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:presentation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:file&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:indeed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:starting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:promote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:went&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ordinary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:james&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sorry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:area&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suitable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:event&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:songs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hole&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:argument&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:constitution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weeks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:instructions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:household&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:circumstances&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:project&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fault&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affairs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nobody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:normal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:phrase&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:decided&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:politicians&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:their&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sale&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strength&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deeply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commercial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tried&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:losses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provision&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:base&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:circumstance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pulled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:left&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:independence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assembly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:september&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:current&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:removed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:temperature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:economics&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:century&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facilities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:person&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:new&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:region&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:earlier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:double&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:excite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:global&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wait&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:politics&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:placed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:turning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leisure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thinks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:golden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:input&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:also&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extreme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:these&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slowly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:definitely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:road&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:northern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:basic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:excite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:each&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:has&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remains&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:never&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discovered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:border&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nod&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:over&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walls&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:executive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crowd&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:laughed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:council&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:made&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:material&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:list&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:health&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:noise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:normal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birthday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:payments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exciting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:collection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:does&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:site&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:report&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:real&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stomach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:column&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:phase&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ran&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:argue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:badly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kept&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ball&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sensitive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:divided&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:points&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:women&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bottom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:line&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seems&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walls&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:add&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:representatives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dressed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:residential&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possibility&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:amount&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discover&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affected&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:model&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:during&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reported&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provided&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:secondly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:socalled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:book&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:include&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:emphasis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clean&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:though&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leg&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:silly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mechanism&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:existence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:emotional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clinical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:best&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:independent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loss&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:implementation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sorts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:originally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:history&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:global&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:methods&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:iron&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:intelligence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:copies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:serious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:generally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:member&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:typical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:monetary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:difficult&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:object&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forward&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:badly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tasks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:myself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teacher&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:returning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:the&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opposition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:final&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:correct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elderly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:roles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:open&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:for&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nod&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effort&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:way&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whole&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occur&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:operations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drugs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advantage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:always&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brief&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:capable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:international&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:become&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plants&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prepare&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:normal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:name&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:duties&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ultimately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:edge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:armed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:produced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dog&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beyond&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:banks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arrived&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:policies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:short&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:themselves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:electricity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:imagination&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knowing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pleasure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:a&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:big&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:am&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:properties&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conduct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nevertheless&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:truly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technique&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:river&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visitors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:democratic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mainly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:memory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:steps&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saturday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:candidate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:necessary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:social&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:female&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:returning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:set&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ancient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:videotaped&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:save&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:familiar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:claims&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sign&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:custom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:careful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:looking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:air&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:column&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clinical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interview&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:year&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yeah&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feelings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:became&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:per&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mean&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:producing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whatever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:specific&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clients&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:frequency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conduct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:issue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:radio&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:west&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obvious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:team&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outstand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interview&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:village&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:troop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:amongst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:village&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:general&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consequences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:secretary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dog&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exercise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:owners&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conference&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:degrees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:famous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:might&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grew&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:determined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doctor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:courts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teeth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:central&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prevent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conventional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:desk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:why&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:available&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:narrow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:numbers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:applications&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meetings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:golf&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beginning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:concerning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:refer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:running&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unfortunately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:formation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tired&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:version&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:started&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:limited&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contracts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:country&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:identity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carrying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seeing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:very&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:device&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:establishment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:an&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:background&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:highly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:railway&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:need&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:options&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:men&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:union&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:me&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weekend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replace&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lots&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agriculture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bloody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:associated&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tables&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visitors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:structure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:studies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beginning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mistake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:material&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:store&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:core&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bringing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alcohol&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:setting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organization&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:utile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:save&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:port&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:revenue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:society&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:external&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quality&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:let&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loans&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:joint&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:horses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:customer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:laughed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beautiful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:convention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:progress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sports&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:running&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:odd&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:priority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:panel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plaintiff&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:football&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kinds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brothers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:countryside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:impression&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:per&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expectations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appropriate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:overall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:firm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:street&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:southern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:victory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:if&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forgotten&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:why&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friends&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:development&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:citizens&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sites&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:round&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ago&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:categories&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quickly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tendency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:members&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aircraft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paint&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tooth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:money&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consider&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:description&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:natural&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:material&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ways&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proportion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:objects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involvement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:index&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:form&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:latter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:human&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tools&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:just&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buildings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:services&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adult&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alongside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:army&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:raise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:able&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:less&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:although&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:column&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adopt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:roads&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:file&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:formal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:standing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:many&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:storage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:though&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inquiry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aircraft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advanced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clothe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remembered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:encourage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sources&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suppose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broke&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:continues&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:compare&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bird&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:screen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:background&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:directors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:herself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:built&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:compare&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:impossible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moderne&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tools&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:previously&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:world&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:over&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:representatives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:understand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:among&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:file&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:desire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:argument&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:green&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:military&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:free&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scientists&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:excite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:catch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:intend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:humane&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:means&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pick&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sum&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:world&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:selling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:valley&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:january&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bath&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:protect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:valuable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discussed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strange&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:body&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reasonably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:approval&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:images&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ability&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:follows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:literary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:biggest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:otherwise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:per&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:currently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:given&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:family&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:myself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waiting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:automatically&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:note&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:get&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sentence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:steps&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paintings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:department&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:code&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:climate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:town&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affected&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comparison&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:watched&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:training&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:user&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:men&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:passage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:egg&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:receive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mark&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:connection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hole&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sport&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:music&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nod&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nineteenth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:palea&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:note&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bottom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:starts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:measure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:am&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:castle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:architecture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:railway&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:january&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:readers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:west&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:state&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doctors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:united&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elderly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kingdom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:older&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:black&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:house&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:block&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:asked&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carefully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:material&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arrival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:find&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:asked&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:debt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:function&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:losses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enjoyed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:income&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:none&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chapter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parliamentary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nodded&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:planning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chapter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:raised&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:potential&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:female&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entirely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chairman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:introduce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:editor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supposed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:orders&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:levels&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inevitable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:herself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sheet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mean&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:place&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effective&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:from&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:presence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:membership&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sample&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:views&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:everyone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:competitive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:going&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:time&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experience&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:television&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:herself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:looked&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arrived&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pretty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:best&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nervous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:communities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wooden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:providing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:either&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:costs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:told&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:respectively&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:like&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entirely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quickly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:otherwise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:explain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:these&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:institute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:metres&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:self&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:genuine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:detail&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:safety&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regulations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:popular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:citizens&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industrial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meeting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:committed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:two&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:next&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:money&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:only&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conflict&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defendant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broke&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pretty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parties&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:busy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apparently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fruit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:andy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:panel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exercise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:release&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:section&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buildings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:therefore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:patient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:water&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspapers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:king&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manager&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:there&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crisis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leave&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:help&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wednesday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enthusiasm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:difference&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remained&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:going&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:claimed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:excite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:managers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organization&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:insurance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:image&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advantage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:setting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resource&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:videotaped&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:somewhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:respectively&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centuries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soldier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birthday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:everybody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:care&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:method&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inquiry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weekend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:build&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ancient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:critics&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:between&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:courses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treaty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relatives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:should&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technique&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wonder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:am&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:observation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loans&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sort&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:location&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:show&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pick&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:or&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:artists&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proceed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:during&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paintings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ultimately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:judge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:those&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:iron&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:male&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:am&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:private&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:great&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taxes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:negotiations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:league&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:categories&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:younger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:years&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:states&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:divided&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advantages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lovely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:western&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:science&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:free&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proportion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:already&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:becomes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:convention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fairly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cricket&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:policy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cricket&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:us&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:administration&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:true&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:released&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clinical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:numb&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meanwhile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:call&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speaker&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stars&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:information&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:includes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:utile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distinct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:existence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sport&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:benefit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:street&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:county&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leave&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:director&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:liberal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confusion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:result&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sky&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:other&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:done&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:director&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fund&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:structures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:home&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commercial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seriously&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shareholder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:learn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fundamental&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:objective&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:image&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:election&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exists&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seemed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:artists&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:judge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involvement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wave&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allowing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weather&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grounds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doubt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:failure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:report&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:by&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nuclear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:badly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:daughter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:purposes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:angry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seats&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:positive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:views&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:symptom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:red&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agencies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bath&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:profit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:placed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:direct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defendant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proof&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wrote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:findings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:requirement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doctors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:avoid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:odd&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:say&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:autumn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obtain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:word&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friendly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:form&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accommodation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exciting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:via&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neck&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hope&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:old&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:make&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:add&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dispute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technology&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:legislation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:women&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flowers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yourself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assumption&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rooms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:course&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exchange&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:permission&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fingers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expectations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consistent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:briefly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vision&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:continued&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:call&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:general&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:module&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evaluation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:characteristic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:announce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:highest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conditions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drama&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:specific&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:himself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:makes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bringing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:connection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:include&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:location&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:policy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:actually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teeth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possibly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colleagues&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fund&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:merely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:though&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teams&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:belief&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:last&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pressures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:partners&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:voluntary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:partly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:send&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:altogether&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interested&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conservative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:traffic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:center&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:armed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:state&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:states&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rather&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:park&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:decided&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:changing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neither&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sales&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:own&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:would&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centuries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rang&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extremely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:homes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:develop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:objectives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fashion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:error&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recognize&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:notice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subject&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:customer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vehicle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:living&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:propose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anyway&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wondered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wrong&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enormous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supreme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:laws&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:left&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surprised&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:writers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:before&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:define&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waste&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consistent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:important&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:error&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commercial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:starts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:growing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ended&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deputy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nobody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:future&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:objects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:granted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statistic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:related&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plenty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:high&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:today&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coffee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:initiative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:make&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:second&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advanced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:negotiation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mainly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carefully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:activity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:telling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:biggest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:to&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nevertheless&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:village&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:working&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:introduce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rooms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:game&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contains&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucky&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:words&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:studio&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friends&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:noted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:light&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:war&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:describe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:location&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfectly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:social&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:public&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:black&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:voice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:type&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:three&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exists&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:generally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:poetry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:approach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:table&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remains&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leave&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:box&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:century&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:these&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:activities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fighting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:executive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:telephone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:earlier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commission&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:century&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:required&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minutes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:directly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:policy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:jacket&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:amount&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outcome&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strength&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adult&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:directly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:your&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:laugh&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:disease&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:management&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:motion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:essentially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ship&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:create&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exists&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:places&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:height&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whether&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cover&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mental&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:survey&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organisations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:core&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bag&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accepted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:periods&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:income&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:index&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attack&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:border&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:previously&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allowing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:student&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:products&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rates&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gun&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prince&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:training&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:about&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:site&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:are&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:protein&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guitar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:store&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:your&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lovely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loan&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:institute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:himself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distinct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:democratic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commission&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expenditure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:complete&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:degree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:check&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:research&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technique&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:respect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:intention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:especially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:two&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commitment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:network&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:marry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tired&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strike&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:end&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reports&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:presumably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:size&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:holy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prison&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucky&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:magazine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:groundsheet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:force&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:woman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:examine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gentleman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:name&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proportion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:festival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:policies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:painting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:take&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cricket&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:problem&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:watching&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teachers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distinct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:little&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:injury&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:blacken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beyond&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:humane&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attack&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centuries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:partly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:west&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:undertake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:any&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tv&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:completed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wooden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:constantly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feeling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:basically&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:base&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:users&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:servant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:museum&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:someone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:funds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:personnel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pace&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:totally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:disabled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:poetry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neither&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ship&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finished&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:net&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:familiar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cabinet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sex&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cabinet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:selection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:internal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:by&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beneath&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:a&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worker&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dressed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adequate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:education&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:designed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gradually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:machines&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arrive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technology&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contact&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arrived&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:care&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opportunities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:to&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:greatest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pale&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saturday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accepted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anyone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:second&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:patients&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:argue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tension&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allowed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:general&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:again&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:towards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aged&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:through&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unlike&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:by&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drawn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ways&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evaluation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:phase&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strategies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:improvement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:establish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:certain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:global&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:huge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspapers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:couple&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:store&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:site&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:therefore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:presented&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:patients&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advantages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discussions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corporation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoulder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:we&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grateful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:precise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:support&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hospital&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:item&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:threw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investigation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opinion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:choose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prize&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:science&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:losses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:always&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:schools&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:views&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:challenge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:western&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sort&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hospitals&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cause&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ordinary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leisure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elsewhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:traffic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:date&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:providing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:production&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:decade&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tasks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:he&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plane&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:little&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:explain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:electric&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:explained&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:applied&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pleasure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:religious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:music&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:within&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:late&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surface&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:build&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:column&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seats&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gradually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:engine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:child&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:is&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:simply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:generally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:limited&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:master&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:railroad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bodies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:match&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weeks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:servants&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:police&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:therefore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:daily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brother&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conduct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:south&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consequence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:already&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expert&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:writer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chemical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contributions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:person&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rates&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:turn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:approximately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sentence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:areas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:north&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bathe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rates&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:global&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:greatest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:think&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plan&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paintings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leisure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provided&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affairs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:metre&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:factor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leg&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:long&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:past&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:given&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:company&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:piece&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lady&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:woman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accept&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:island&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:useful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:debt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:influence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nobody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:upper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:horses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:circle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lower&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:school&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:looking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slowly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:records&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:funds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:includes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:armed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:blacken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:date&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unemployment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:signs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:illness&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:long&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:becomes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facility&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criterion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:height&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consideration&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expectations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:using&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:common&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:play&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discovered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:laws&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:youth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pick&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industrial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surprised&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:my&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ran&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scientist&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:team&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:develop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:desk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clinical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:actions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sides&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:journey&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:death&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:one&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comprehensive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:giving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:close&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nod&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:no&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opposition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:applications&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:female&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facility&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:applies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:january&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:touch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tells&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seeing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:professional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leg&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:this&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:valuable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:break&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:last&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:top&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effective&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:developments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brother&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provision&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:very&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:release&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:island&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:violence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:applies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:number&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:phase&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:schemes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wild&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:library&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:genuine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forgotten&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assumption&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:into&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:specie&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:partly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:two&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:compensation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waiting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plaintiff&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:able&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:views&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reduction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:method&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dozen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ask&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:institutions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opportunity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:immediate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bathe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supporter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teachers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expectations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spending&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paintings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:duties&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adult&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:railway&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:our&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:environment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:familiar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:value&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:independence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:number&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subsequently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:for&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:computers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:great&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conventional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:activity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:actually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deliberately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:illness&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:developed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cooperation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elections&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:blood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:why&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pocket&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mothers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accept&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mothers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:victory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:notes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:personal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:was&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:combination&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subsequently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:land&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:file&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:correct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:column&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scientists&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:find&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:purchase&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distribution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:study&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dang&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:signs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ground&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:biggest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:your&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treaty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trade&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:emotional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:next&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:figure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enjoy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:test&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:choice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fingers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:most&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commercial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mixture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:range&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entitled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:require&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:influence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:culture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lower&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:readily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:list&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prevent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accurate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:successfully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dogs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beyond&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:local&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apart&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:custom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:director&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rule&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:day&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:almost&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:events&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:secretary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:made&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:less&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:owners&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resistance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:near&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:winter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:of&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:food&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keeping&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:influence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:golden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wished&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agriculture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:method&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:form&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vehicles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:getting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:means&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mother&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:little&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:showing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:successfully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obviously&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:awareness&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:condition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:change&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sometimes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfectly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:utile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enterprise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:should&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unlike&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:larger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:come&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ownership&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pounds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:won&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:providing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:creating&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:please&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stayed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:least&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:men&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relating&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:membership&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attempts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:none&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skills&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:when&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:port&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:labour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:essential&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:begins&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remember&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:round&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:separate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advantages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:off&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:particularly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:under&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:common&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seek&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:particular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:and&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:map&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:considered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoulder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:solid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:announce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:follow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:faces&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:profession&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:girls&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pupils&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:found&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alcohol&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leg&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:powerful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:politician&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reader&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:council&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:serious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:noise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:justice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:student&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subjects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:software&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neighbours&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:never&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:you&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whilst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:similar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seemed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:going&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:avoid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chief&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:room&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kinds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:became&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ideas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strike&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mixture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:computer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crisis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:great&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:except&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:economy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neighbour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:short&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:literary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:helped&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discovered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:isolated&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:says&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:andy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:available&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:put&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:last&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:senior&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:running&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:funds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:literature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:core&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:head&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:city&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entitle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nearly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scientists&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:undertaken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:application&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:funny&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whilst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:greater&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:civil&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:processes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:time&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:actions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:candidates&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggested&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:joined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:immediately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:represents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:individual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:passed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tonight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:covering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resolution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expected&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:absolute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:big&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mouth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discover&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tomorrow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:piece&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scheme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coming&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:roads&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:by&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reader&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:concepts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pretty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:included&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treaty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:war&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exception&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quickly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:international&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pattern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:halve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:file&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:north&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resistance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:try&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tomorrow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:works&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:along&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:executive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:such&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experience&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waited&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exciting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:catch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:up&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:too&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:senior&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reasons&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wild&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:new&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:further&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commitment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:candidates&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:structure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:numbers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:until&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lords&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:local&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:looked&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replied&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:few&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:noted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:council&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:achieved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:under&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discovery&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:october&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:border&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mother&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drawn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:read&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:size&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elsewhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:holiday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:officials&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:screen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:philosophy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smiled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:efficient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:help&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:associate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:of&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subsequently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:individuals&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wealth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tools&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seemed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:languages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:words&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:might&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:noise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spokesman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:critic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:departments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:historical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kinds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:terms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fashion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wife&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:league&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opportunity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:acting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aged&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:authorities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:difficult&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:holy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:representation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:asked&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:competition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ahead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:false&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eventually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:policies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:breach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:table&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cancer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:losing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:usually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:constantly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:issues&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:essentially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:train&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:given&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:book&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:station&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organisations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proceedings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:male&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ideal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sample&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speaking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:videotaped&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:personality&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:games&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tomorrow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:others&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:critical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nevertheless&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interview&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:single&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:night&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:standard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:called&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:odd&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:said&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:definitely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:or&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:festival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:return&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comparison&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:performance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replaced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pleasure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:decided&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:girl&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:former&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:required&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:upper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:roles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:period&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:applies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consequence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leader&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:breath&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:officer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pub&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:main&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conservation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bitt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mechanism&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:top&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involvement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:instruction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alternative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statistic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:few&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brother&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:completely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:groundsheet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:usual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:channel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:art&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:complex&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discover&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:may&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expansion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:puts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appoint&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dark&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heavily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:government&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happening&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:story&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:emotional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:board&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:people&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tried&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:husband&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bodies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:data&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:example&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:form&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crowd&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fairly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resource&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:improvement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:oil&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:metal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:any&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:structures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:implementation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:version&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:following&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:functions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sensitive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wider&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:were&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:display&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doctor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resistance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:star&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:announced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loss&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:managed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:producing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:last&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theoretical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:war&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:component&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:row&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attack&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opinion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soul&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:village&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:transfer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:behind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:altogether&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commission&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:victims&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sensitive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:artists&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lots&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:precisely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:house&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:services&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:acid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:citizen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:institutions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:persons&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:another&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:normal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nineteenth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:became&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:andy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:undertake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meetings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:us&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lunch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:form&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:photographs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sport&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:far&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tool&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:how&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:policies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subsequently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:month&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:management&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knife&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experiences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:woman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cooperation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:custom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:autumn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wait&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mark&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rathe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guilty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bigger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:modern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:myself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statistic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extra&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throughout&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:media&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:existence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:impression&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:okay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:application&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:houses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:landscape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lord&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:faith&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appointed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attitudes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neck&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:asking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visitors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strength&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pupil&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:managers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:estate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supposed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evaluation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspapers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:received&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:july&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:follow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:identity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enterprise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:poor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:environmental&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effort&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replaced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:committee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corp&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:once&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guitar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reading&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nervous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bird&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:memory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treated&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corporation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skin&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:once&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:competition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:capital&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:victory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:watch&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shortly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carrying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:the&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:totally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replied&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leave&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:network&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:do&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:removed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:report&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:port&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:night&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ideal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visitor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:longer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resource&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loan&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cost&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:damage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:courts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soldier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:just&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:science&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occurs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:threw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:through&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criminal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:member&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appropriate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:excite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:factor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:degrees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:single&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regulation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:software&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spending&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:courses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:same&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:section&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:big&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vehicle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:importance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:professor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:act&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unique&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:must&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:next&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:river&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taste&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:upper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reasonably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:january&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:our&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:basis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tradition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:savings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:musical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:increasing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:account&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:page&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expenditure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brothers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:represents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:basis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extra&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thanks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:areas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whether&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whether&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:held&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:animals&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aim&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weeks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:training&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:refer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criterion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:courses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:excite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:officer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teachers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:undertake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elderly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:retirement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allowed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:therefore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sex&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:languages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:almost&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:using&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:glass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plans&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beginning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:argue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:check&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:herself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wonderful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:physical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:museum&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:that&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ministers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shops&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advantage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reasons&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:car&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sector&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spokesman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lord&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:solid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:model&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:subject&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:week&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:powerful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bringing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wedding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:block&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:join&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:milk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:continues&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quick&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:failed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:listen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:solid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:like&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:met&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bathe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effective&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dinner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:begin&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teams&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anybody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:constantly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:against&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:path&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:july&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:panel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surface&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:why&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wild&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extremely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:son&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:their&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sea&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:roads&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:variety&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seconds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:critical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elections&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:less&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:committed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bright&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skin&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gun&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rooms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scientist&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regime&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:a&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bridge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:custom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enemy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seek&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:family&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:term&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:servants&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centre&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:child&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relevant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centres&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:heavily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facility&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:divided&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:justice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspaper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:natural&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:driven&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prepared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:badly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appeal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outstand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:farther&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enjoy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:be&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:met&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:personal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:book&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sports&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:capacity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:via&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:take&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:audience&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beyond&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:degree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:individual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pleasure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proof&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leisure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crowd&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employ&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tool&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:told&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:earlier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:long&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fields&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:message&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:significance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dress&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extensive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exchange&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:famous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assembly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rapidly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:efforts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:economy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knew&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:large&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mountain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:victims&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:governments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agriculture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:settlement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allowed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interesting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:users&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:on&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unique&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:realise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:men&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:again&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wearing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entirely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:situations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:especially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:upper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:official&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tension&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whole&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goods&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expansion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:play&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hair&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exactly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:motion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advantages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:however&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:press&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:block&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:judge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:railway&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:region&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:green&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:providing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waiting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:later&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:youth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:play&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:display&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wanted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:largest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happened&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:construction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extension&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:until&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:problems&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:blue&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opposition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whilst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expensive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:our&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theoretical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:improve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:groundsheet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obvious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expense&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accommodation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ended&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:welfare&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:giving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vehicles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appeared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appearance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:active&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crowd&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tension&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:twice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:residential&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:partly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:church&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:face&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:district&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mothers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:overall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:signed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:height&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:listen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:practical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:league&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:three&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:avoid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:naturally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tired&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:previously&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conclusion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fields&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arrival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:include&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:abuse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replaced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:division&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:present&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:troops&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fund&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:user&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:move&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reading&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tension&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:maybe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fallen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:requirements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:present&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:engine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:federal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:communication&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experiences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pull&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:useful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:led&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:north&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skills&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:might&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bitt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coffee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obvious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cancer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:not&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:response&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:somehow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smaller&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:given&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:content&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:depends&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adults&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:series&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sections&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:animal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:train&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:economics&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:truly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:instruction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:holy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carefully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:playing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:actual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:christmas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scientific&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seemed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:solid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:levels&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knife&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:should&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bag&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wednesday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:use&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:similar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anything&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:techniques&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inflation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:library&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:intention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:three&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vehicle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treatment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centuries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attempt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strange&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:documents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:energy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surface&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:documents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kids&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:roof&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technology&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:biggest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nearly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggestion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:motor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:restaurant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:words&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:document&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sudden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lord&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tears&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:any&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:production&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:disabled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:white&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:highest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:danger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:we&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stomach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sir&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:purposes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:realize&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:done&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:famous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:victims&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:box&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:writers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:components&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teeth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:operations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lost&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bus&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proportion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:the&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nurse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:context&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:literary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thursday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wooden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agencies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:branches&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:imagine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:welfare&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:examine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advertise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:concept&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assembly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:institution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:returned&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assumption&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possibly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:awareness&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:term&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:not&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:placed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wanted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:because&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:granted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:on&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:priority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relief&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:not&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:answers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:indeed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stars&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:staff&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:before&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:once&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bottle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:demands&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:families&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:message&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:memory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:applications&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unemployed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:name&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walked&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waited&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:golf&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expectation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equipment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statutory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:familiar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recorded&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skin&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leadership&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:junior&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:including&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:labor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cold&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entrance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:built&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equipment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bottle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pool&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agriculture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:became&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:die&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:framework&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:results&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:place&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:inquiry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:biggest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:far&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:modules&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:closely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:route&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:city&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prisoner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:claimed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:works&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:over&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:selection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:election&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contrast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:else&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discussion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:felt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:author&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:said&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:role&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centres&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:everything&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outstanding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deputy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:domestic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:budget&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tried&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stones&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coffee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quiet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:staff&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:great&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ideas&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:castle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reform&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:differences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:begin&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:self&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:countryside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:skin&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:applies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:significance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:intervention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:path&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:points&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:join&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attractive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rules&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speaker&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afternoon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enjoy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supporters&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:flat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plenty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:share&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:school&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:star&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:many&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:essential&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:database&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:material&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:restriction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arrangements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:smooth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:however&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:owner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:point&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:protect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expectation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:household&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:another&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:one&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:demands&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whether&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:where&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:being&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:over&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weather&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:domestic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waited&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expressed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:queen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:very&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:infection&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treated&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fund&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:language&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paint&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:disease&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:language&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treatment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cabinet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fail&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:identify&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criticism&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:winner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:profession&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:within&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:markets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:procedure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:caught&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:building&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:price&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:news&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:professor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:personnel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wait&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criminal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:first&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treatment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:daughter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:festival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anyone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hospital&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obtained&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:they&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wrong&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ahead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:war&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:socalled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criticism&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trust&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:image&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:before&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:earth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:initially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:develop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:metres&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:turn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soldiers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:simply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:significant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sheep&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:customer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:glass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:learning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:majority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afford&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:survival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:round&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reached&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:required&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:support&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criticism&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beautiful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:originally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:body&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:says&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:instruction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:units&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:held&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appearance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visited&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:are&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:left&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:etc&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seemed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wild&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:priority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:theatre&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:warm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:production&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:horse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experiences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:began&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loans&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:concerning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:learn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:answer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:short&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trouble&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thrown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:difference&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chairman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plastic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kinds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quarter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:members&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:traffic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:detail&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:started&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attitudes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:helen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:common&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shops&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reduced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:palea&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recognition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:other&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:client&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:branches&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:one&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afterwards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exactly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hands&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recognise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:okay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fighting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:methods&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:map&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:customer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:historical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scheme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:growing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:precise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:my&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vital&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:residential&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:significantly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:politics&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:desire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:found&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:considerable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucky&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:falling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pilot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unemployed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discovered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:badly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:democracy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:looking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:women&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:told&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:civil&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relationships&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:increase&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:profit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:literature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sister&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:readily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:until&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:impressive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quiet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:can&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outstand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:than&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thank&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:although&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cut&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weekend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:granted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attack&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:august&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:key&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:raised&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:convention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:total&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:negative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pollution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:improve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recovery&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:respect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:uses&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:near&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:done&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:artist&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:award&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:never&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stop&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:excite&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conflict&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:control&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:information&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statements&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:district&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:towns&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:look&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:things&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:videotape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:official&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:widespread&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throughout&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:structures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:oil&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:core&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doctor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:route&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happening&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:office&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:papers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:way&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rural&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:technology&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waited&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:negotiation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:churches&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crew&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:projects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:price&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:solution&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:like&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:everywhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:except&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:therefore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sector&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:supply&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:look&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ever&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yeah&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:block&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plants&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:probably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:modules&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:certain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relatively&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:golf&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:implications&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:patient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:precise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exciting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:could&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accepted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:came&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nineteenth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:literary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regarded&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pace&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discovered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:associate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:studio&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fewer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:properly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rocks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:command&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:to&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throughout&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sections&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:generally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:countryside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:court&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:generally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:false&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:link&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:languages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:should&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:frequently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extremely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:use&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expressed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:isolate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speak&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dark&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:showing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:above&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pension&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:record&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happened&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leader&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:angry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:response&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:armed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:democratic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birthday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:setting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:willing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involvement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:becoming&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attempts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:planning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:camp&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:path&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outstanding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:youth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:railroad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replaced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pilot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dark&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ready&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:roman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:friends&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crowd&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:introduce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:instead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:restaurant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assumption&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:personnel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anyway&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:list&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saturday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:listen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sheet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fallen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:west&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effective&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shareholder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:requirement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bottle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relatives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:style&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:white&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tried&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:blood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:software&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:she&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:done&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:victims&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:initiative&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:page&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:miles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoulders&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thereby&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:satisfaction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:many&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:farm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:item&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:side&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waste&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:previously&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:concepts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:october&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:need&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pub&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:once&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:available&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:more&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:turning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:met&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plenty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:running&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strategic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:disease&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surprise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:girls&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:user&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attempts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:face&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:magazine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effective&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replace&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:licence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:environmental&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rathe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recorded&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pale&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:procedures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:research&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:physical&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:liberal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:respond&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:special&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lucky&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:challenge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:part&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:speaker&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:staff&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stupid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:answer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knife&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:direct&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:famous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:them&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:island&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effort&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:abuse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afterward&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prisoners&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brilliant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:citizen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:usually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:command&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weekend&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:winner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:love&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:club&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quality&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enjoyed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assessment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conversation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leadership&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lips&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:those&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:figures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:characteristic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:films&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grew&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sale&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:face&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:answer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:require&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:involved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:court&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:released&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grey&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:study&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:literary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walked&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provides&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:set&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:station&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:transfer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:variation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:session&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:follows&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:talk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:degrees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:what&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discussions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:functions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slowly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:obtained&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pulled&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shops&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consequence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:willing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tonight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:between&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ways&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:golden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:significance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discussed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:children&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wednesday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:acceptable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bills&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:equipment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cheap&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visitors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:latter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:service&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parliamentary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:symptoms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wonderful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:female&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:receive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:red&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:baby&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:courts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thanks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fault&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:continued&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:build&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:something&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:circumstance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:test&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:amount&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:states&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:role&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:techniques&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:search&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:during&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:figure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paintings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:autumn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:youth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seek&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:upper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mirror&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:implementation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:families&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:different&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:from&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:glass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:necessary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:danger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grounds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:undertaken&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:own&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:value&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:practices&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:months&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discuss&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:decline&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:is&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shareholder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:effects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:essentially&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:improvement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:studies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eventually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:loved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reasons&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organizations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:religion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:short&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deaf&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:practice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:then&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:above&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:winner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shareholders&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unknown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investigation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:understanding&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teaching&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doctors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:experiments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:red&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:film&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sum&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:career&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:store&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:television&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:structures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:play&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:college&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:computer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:medium&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:readers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:approval&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unfortunately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:women&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:videotaped&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advertising&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:best&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:some&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:charity&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:methods&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:structure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:benefits&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recovery&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hotel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exercise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:build&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:design&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aye&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:telling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:processes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:important&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:database&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:papers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:via&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:external&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:announce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:secondly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:survive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:decline&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:charges&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:intended&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:farmers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:package&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prevent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bird&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:projects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:office&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:country&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:actions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:night&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fairly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:necessary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:established&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:career&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hotel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contributions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:with&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:close&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:secretary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suitable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:general&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:marriage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:okay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fruit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cover&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:month&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:licence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appeal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:code&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nobody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:significantly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:persons&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:railroad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:complex&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:onto&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enemy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:small&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cause&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:past&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:groups&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:services&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:returning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:otherwise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:articles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:path&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:number&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coffee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pressure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:charge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:february&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:criterion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:castle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:firms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kitchen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rule&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:longterm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:users&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:returning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:once&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prepared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:measures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:staring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expert&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:studies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:time&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yard&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thick&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:new&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:modern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:free&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:voice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:formed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:government&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:faith&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:annual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:understood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:took&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:growing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cooperation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:command&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:why&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:height&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ready&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bloody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:them&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suppose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vital&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dirty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:granted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:within&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:placed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:raise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:abroad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thrown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lady&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sudden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thinks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reference&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:year&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:approach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:seeking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:channel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prize&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:highest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:music&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:begun&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remember&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reason&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:taking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attitudes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:says&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:serve&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centuries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sports&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:magazine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:its&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ministry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:feeling&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:applied&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:course&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relationships&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whilst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:vote&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:workers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:survey&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mechanism&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nodded&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mostly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:currently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:popular&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:throw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:species&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plastic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:park&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pool&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enormous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:festival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:already&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reform&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:location&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:demand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:claim&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:passage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beauty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:many&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:animal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regarded&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teachers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:district&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:valley&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:joint&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:urbane&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:urban&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:careful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wants&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:marriage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:independence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:resources&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sir&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:last&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:common&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:morning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extension&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chapter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:survive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:university&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appropriate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:slow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:publish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leg&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:determination&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keeping&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:village&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investigation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fashion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:considerably&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mountain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:difficulty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:foot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appointment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:considered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:his&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:built&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:personal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alone&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:additional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dispute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:band&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:young&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:production&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:age&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:maintenance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:november&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accurate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:symptoms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remember&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:truly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:alcohol&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afford&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hello&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:statistics&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:black&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:primary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sentences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:myself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outstand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:special&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:building&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:government&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walls&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:includes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brown&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:towards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:strength&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:principles&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:humane&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:principal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provided&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:status&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:queen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:caused&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:analyse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enjoyed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mechanism&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outstand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:golf&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:poll&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:numbers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:school&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:coffee&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:priority&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:busy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:used&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:programme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:edge&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rich&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:development&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appointed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commercial&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:except&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thinking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facility&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:definitely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:voluntary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:laws&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stayed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mum&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:link&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possession&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:option&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:exists&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afford&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nineteenth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:project&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:during&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:do&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:changed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:glass&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:awareness&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facilities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:egg&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:necessary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:circumstance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opinion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:had&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:over&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:existence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:article&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prize&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appoint&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lack&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaving&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:some&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stopped&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:implementation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:markets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reports&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:contained&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:covered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stay&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:will&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consumption&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:castle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reputation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:royal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:forms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:another&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:turn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:great&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nobody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:men&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:golf&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pieces&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remains&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clubs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bigger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:puts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pick&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beyond&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plenty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aircraft&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:know&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:helen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:approximately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:patient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:side&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:might&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regulations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:analysis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:them&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bathe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:satisfaction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:executive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:politicians&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:date&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:president&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offices&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:liability&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evening&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:goes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clubs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eggs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:planning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afterward&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:campaign&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:produce&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:eggs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:changing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:direction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:significance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dog&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:horse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:have&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:series&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bath&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:account&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fuel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:frame&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:least&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:context&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cause&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:would&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:to&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brother&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rather&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prisoner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:overall&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extra&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:faith&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:what&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:package&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prisoner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quality&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:achieved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:improvement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:practice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:combination&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prime&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:publish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:temperature&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nervous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:standing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:metres&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:well&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:landscape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:risk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:confident&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:secondly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:between&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tonight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:farmers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prevent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:audience&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:covering&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:key&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:high&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:little&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:committed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:partly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:around&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:individual&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:management&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:settlement&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conflict&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boss&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:safe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bodies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crew&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:division&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sufficient&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:district&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dealing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:country&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beneath&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:relations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aim&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:write&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:courts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:i&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agents&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nights&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fully&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:members&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adopt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bill&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:view&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happens&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:interests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:intention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unlike&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoulders&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:same&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:achieved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:man&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:members&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stayed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:self&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:services&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nod&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:thick&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:satisfaction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:recent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:details&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:restrictions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:standards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buildings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surprise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:received&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regarded&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:user&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:previously&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:part&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unlike&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:described&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:traditional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:them&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guidance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:noise&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anyway&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:instructions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:president&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remains&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agriculture&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:due&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adult&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:public&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bath&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assistance&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:associated&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dozen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:life&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:served&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nod&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:farm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:isolated&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:famous&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:teeth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:arrive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unfortunately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:about&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:breakfast&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:journey&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:voluntary&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:august&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:decide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anxious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:myself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:double&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:crow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:road&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:compensation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:designed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reported&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tuesday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:piece&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unemployed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beyond&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:groundsheet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:county&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pleasant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:straight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bathe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:know&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:definitely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agencies&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mention&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weather&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:former&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sheep&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:location&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:images&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moderne&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:survival&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pension&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rough&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:document&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:will&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:got&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anxious&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:core&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:off&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:communication&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:science&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:block&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:waiting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ministry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pressures&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:politician&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:the&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:young&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:step&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lead&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:else&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pattern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:longer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quality&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:managed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bedroom&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possibility&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comfortable&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:competitive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:why&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:homes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:variety&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:garden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:age&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:man&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:night&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:happens&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:additional&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proposed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:public&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:papers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:solid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:box&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:carry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advantages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:information&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:want&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:analysis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:preparation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:whole&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:desk&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:starting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:center&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beauty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adopted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:analyse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:debt&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:blood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:become&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:compared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:expressed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:disaster&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shake&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nothing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:terms&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:working&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:politicians&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discussed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:idea&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:trying&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:united&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dream&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:discovery&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:economy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drugs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:knew&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:detailed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:device&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ask&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:false&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:quick&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:manner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:basis&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pupil&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:labor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:baby&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:iron&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:returned&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rathe&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:leaders&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:appropriate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:separate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unique&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:servants&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sort&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:living&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:years&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gentleman&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:further&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:document&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:paint&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:completely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hardly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:classes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:career&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:activities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bits&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:you&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:division&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doctors&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:directly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chest&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:roof&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:distinction&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:implication&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accurate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:definition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:not&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:utile&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:angry&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:walking&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weather&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:patterns&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:film&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:animals&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aside&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:related&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:account&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:october&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:work&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:death&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:positive&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:act&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:general&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:definition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:continued&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:problems&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:projects&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consumer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:saw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:growth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investigation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mothers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:usually&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:genuine&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:treaty&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neither&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plan&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:applied&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:driver&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nod&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:here&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:funds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perfect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:surprising&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easier&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:guests&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corporation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:drugs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suffer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:centres&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:president&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:use&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:west&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reason&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stayed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:create&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:competition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:humane&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:matter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:evidence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:prepared&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:offence&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:process&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:area&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:agreed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:our&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:immediately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:side&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beginning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:it&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:reputation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:entire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:model&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:visited&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:planning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:readers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:october&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sorts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:clearly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brought&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:long&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:purchase&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:castle&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:keen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:difficulties&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:door&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:familiar&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afternoon&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:travel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:higher&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pupils&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:away&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fighting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:something&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:go&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:send&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:song&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remembered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:joined&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:villages&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoulders&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:social&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:outstand&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shareholder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:analyse&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:board&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:programme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:scene&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:time&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kids&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:establishment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:large&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:newspaper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:electronic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:glad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:replaced&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:budget&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:organisations&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:breath&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:members&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sports&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:turned&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:century&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:affairs&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:winner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:easily&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anybody&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:floor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:monday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:follow&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:films&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:material&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spring&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consumption&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beautiful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:myself&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:draw&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brief&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:remove&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:believed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:river&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:football&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broke&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:just&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:item&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:let&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possession&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:combination&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:century&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yards&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:west&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:territory&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:birth&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:broad&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:cooperation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:comes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stock&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:adopted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dog&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:weeks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:employees&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:perhaps&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:neck&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anywhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:green&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:conservation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:date&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:minute&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:audience&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:proper&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:covered&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facility&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:share&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worker&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:things&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ground&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bit&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:state&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:meetings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:percent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:breach&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wanted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:advice&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:media&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:never&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:grateful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:modern&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:states&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:plate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:results&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attempts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:floor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:granted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:commitment&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:stage&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:track&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ourselves&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:awful&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bound&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:on&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:painting&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:defendant&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sudden&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wanted&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:work&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:regularly&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:buildings&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:occasions&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:hat&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:period&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afford&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sport&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:road&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:ran&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:have&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:partner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fell&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:want&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:modules&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:elsewhere&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:required&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rain&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:job&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:empire&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chapter&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:diet&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:types&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:profits&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:view&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:point&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:records&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:parish&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shares&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sister&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:difference&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:frequency&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rule&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:others&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:rarely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:violent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:data&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wood&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:mean&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:anger&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:turn&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wind&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:every&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:module&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:condition&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:programme&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:fear&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:departments&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:character&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:deputy&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:out&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:do&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:choose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:afraid&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:colour&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:spoke&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:communications&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:transfer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:asset&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:domestic&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:allowed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:landscape&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:enthusiasm&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:accurate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:store&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:examples&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sunday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:nose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:yesterday&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:called&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:investor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:past&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:consequences&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:none&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:chances&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:unfortunately&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:start&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:engineer&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:immediate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dozen&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:degree&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:people&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:provide&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:internal&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:short&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:following&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gently&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:shoulder&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:wore&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:channel&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:pure&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:public&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:debate&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:beginning&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sight&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:doctor&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:facts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:tasks&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:extremely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:opportunities&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:attitudes&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:size&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:apparent&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:possible&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:urban&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:losing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:am&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:brother&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:worst&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:assets&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:now&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:kinds&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soul&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:dinner&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:success&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:after&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:corporation&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:boys&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:path&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:bed&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:steps&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:is&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:puts&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:industries&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:least&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:readers&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:moved&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:amount&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:finally&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:sleep&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:merely&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:growing&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:soul&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:propose&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:lot&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:suggestion&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:aspect&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:list&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
q=search_field:gives&fq={!collapse field=parentId}&fl=id,data_source&sort=score desc
